The applicant argued that the scope of the product should be clarified in relation to castings made of ductile cast iron, and in particular, it should be clarified whether this type of casting should fall within the definition of the product concerned.
The investment firm shall inform the client or potential client that the financial instruments or funds of that client may be held by a third party on behalf of the investment firm and of the responsibility of the investment firm under the applicable national law for any acts or omissions of the third party and the consequences for the client of the insolvency of the third party.
Rule 82 is amended as follows :
antimony trioxide
The Court of Auditors did not provide comments on the recruitment procedures of the Agency.
In this situation, the location of production facilities is often determined by the market demand for ethylene.
The economic situation of the EU industry.
In relation to the partnership agreement and each program, the Member State organizes, in accordance with its institutional and legal framework, a partnership with the relevant regional and local institutions.
the volume of profitable sales of this type of product represents 80 % or less of the total sales volume of this type of product; or
The information provided in the questionnaire responses also indicates that a large number of people are employed in the Union user industry.
Service brake performance in the case of categories O4 (2)
Annex 11 – Example of the pictogram to be marked on both sides of the tyre to indicate the maximum inflation pressure not to be exceeded for bead seating during tyre mounting.
Water heaters, whether instantaneous or storage, and electric immersion heaters:
Having regard to the joint proposal from the European Commission and the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy,
The plan provides for the division of tasks between the two plants and a new material flow scheme.
Eligible Substances
chlorocresol
to Commission Regulation of 2 August 2004 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables
Peroxyoctanoic acid
G. Air flow meter
Other articles made of natural cork
Basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus)
processed animal protein derived from non-mammalian species
Other tiles and paving slabs
Tariff suspensions of the Common Customs Tariff for products marked with TARIC codes 2903399020, 2932298575, 2933199010, 2933399970, 3920621961, and 3920621963 shall be closed with effect from 1 January 2008.
Quantity ( in ozone depleting potential ( ODP ) kilograms )
For this purpose, the liaison institutions shall notify the Court of Auditors, within the time limits and according to the procedures laid down by it, of the amounts of receivables reported, settled or disputed (creditor side) and of the amounts of receivables received, settled or disputed (debtor side).
If it is signed, it MUST be signed by the Scheme Operator according to the same signature specification as in the case of the implementation of the TSL trusted list.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 33 / 2009
If the sampling is done in a static way, the same procedure as foreseen for storage facilities (silos) accessible from above (see point 8.4.1) should be applied.
Since the adoption of the last amending act to Directive 96/98/EC, a number of amendments to the international conventions and applicable testing standards have entered into force.
Other loan and credit services provided by financial institutions
Method of production conventional / organic ( as detailed as possible )
if one Party publishes a work containing data, information, and technical or scientific results obtained from activities undertaken under this Agreement, in newspapers and journals, articles, reports, and books, including audiovisual works and software, the other Party is granted a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, and royalty-free license to translate, develop, transmit, and publicly distribute such data, information, and technical or scientific results, unless existing intellectual property rights belonging to third parties prohibit this;
Where possible the left foot shall be located approximately the same distance to the left of the centreplane of the 3-D H machine as the right foot is to the right.
the investor would take the risk of lending to the airport, which has not obtained an Operating Licence since the beginning of its operations.
Junction field effect transistors (JFET)
From ductile cast iron
non-standard miscellaneous devices and components as defined in paragraph 2.5 .
10 % of targeted species.
implementation functions
The funds are intended to compensate for any adjustments in salary levels, which may be determined by the Council during the budgetary year.
dichlorvos
The existence of a significant amount of unused capacity can, however, be explained by the fact that the company significantly increased its capacity between 2006 and the CP.
Statements
This annex contains additional instructions regarding the tables included in Annex VI of this regulation.
providing system users with the information they need for efficient access to the system.
In implementing this Regulation, financial support should be provided for the realization of the European strategy for a better internet for children at both the Union and Member State levels, especially concerning the Safer Internet Centres in the Member States.
In light of the above considerations, the Commission believes that the funding of this system through compulsory voluntary contributions raises no concerns, as they are applied to domestic products as well as to products and animals being exported (in this case, "meat levies" from 1996 to 2004).
Another nine companies contacted Akershus on their own initiative.
Article 20 Aid for early adaptation of SMEs to future Community standards
According to Article 21 and Article 183(2) of the Financial Regulation, any income recorded under items 6 2 2 3 and 6 2 2 6 of the revenue statement may serve as the basis for granting additional funds.
Internet connection : DSL
Suitable for printing with ultraviolet (UV) inks, which are revealed under special UV lamps.
In the case of both companies, it was found that the weighted average selling price for all sales during the PO was higher than the weighted average unit cost of production.
Article 21 Description of management and control systems
The test report must include the requirements stipulated in the protocol, including a justification for the test system used and should comprise the following:
Having regard to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1301 / 2006 of 31 August 2006 laying down common rules for the administration of import tariff quotas for agricultural products managed by a system of import licences [ 2 ] , and in particular Article 7 ( 2 ) thereof ,
cucurbits with inedible skin
Rubber and plastics hoses – Hose sizes, minimum and maximum inside diameters, and tolerances on cut-to-length hoses.
If Directive 2009 / 28 / EC does not apply in the country where the flooring is produced, equivalent evidence must be provided.
Since any approval under this Regulation is granted, pursuant to paragraph 8.1 above, for a type of headlamp emitting either colourless light or selective-yellow light, Article 3 of the Agreement to which the Regulation is annexed shall not prevent the Contracting Parties from prohibiting headlamps emitting a beam of uncoloured or selective-yellow light on vehicles registered by them.
It was argued that these companies submitted non-confidential responses to the request for supplementary information a few days after the established deadline.
APPENDIX VI
This decision shall apply from 1 May 2015.
Public transport service contracts that the relevant public authorities and the carrier negotiated directly without prior tendering.
Opinion of 15 September 2016 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
Regular transport
ZONES IN THE UNITED KINGDOM , THE CHANNEL ISLANDS AND THE ISLE OF MAN APPROVED WITH REGARD TO VHS AND IHN
The Commission shall inform the European Parliament and maintain regular dialogue with it.
On 1 June 2010, the Commission imposed by Regulation ( EU ) No 472 / 2010 [ 3 ] ( the provisional Regulation ) a provisional anti-dumping duty on imports of a specific type of polyethylene terephthalate originating in Iran and the United Arab Emirates.
Member States shall notify the Commission of the introduction or withdrawal of the requirement for consultation before it becomes applicable.
Col. Thaung Tin
At this stage of the proceedings, it is not possible to estimate the amount of any potential future liabilities of the applicant.
In reality, prices did not allow for covering production costs, and the losses amounted to -18% of turnover.
Category 1 carcinogen
In doing so, the Authority has to apply the market economy investor test [ 80 ], which in essence provides that state aid is granted whenever a state makes funds available to an undertaking which in the normal course of events would not be provided by a private investor applying typical economic criteria and disregarding other considerations of a social, political, or philanthropic nature [ 81 ].
Some of the finishing work was previously assigned to the steel structure assembly company in […], which manufactured bow sections for the Rolandwerft shipyard.
kg / h or kg / s
Parameters and settings
in Annex III, point 2(b) is replaced by the following :
Airport building construction work
of which: market related expenditure and direct payments
The applicable regulations of the jurisdiction of residence of this NFE (a Member State, Switzerland, or another jurisdiction) or its founding documents require that, in the event of liquidation or dissolution of this NFE, all of its assets must be transferred to a governmental entity or another non-profit organization, or be transferred to the government of the jurisdiction of residence of the given NFE (a Member State, Switzerland, or another jurisdiction) or to any lower-tier territorial units of that jurisdiction.
Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 21 % but not exceeding 39 % :
Escalators
These detailed classifications have been grouped in the first level classification provided below.
in the case of a legal person that is not a taxpayer – the place referred to in Article 13a (a) of this Regulation, unless there is evidence that the service is used at the place referred to in (b) of the aforementioned article;
Rules for awarding contracts and contracts divided into lots
Having regard to Council Directive 2000 / 75 / EC of 20 November 2000 laying down specific provisions for the control and eradication of bluetongue [ 1 ] , and in particular Article 9 ( 2 ) thereof ,
Consequently, if the rights to the equity instruments granted by the parent do not vest due to the employee's failure to meet a vesting condition other than a market condition, no amount is recognized on a cumulative basis for the services rendered by that employee in the financial statements of any of the subsidiaries.
Sarepta mustard
The Community financial contribution towards emergency measures to combat swine vesicular disease is subject to the rules laid down in Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 349 / 2005 of 28 February 2005 laying down rules on the Community financing of emergency measures and of the campaign to combat certain animal diseases under Council Decision 90 / 424 / EEC [ 3 ].
In the section "Basic criteria for considering the technical condition as unsatisfactory," examples of defects that can be detected are provided.
In the case of existing installations
Pubic symphysis loads.
It should be noted that this market analysis covers a range of products that is broader than the scope of the product covered by this investigation, as it also includes plastic, wooden, glass, metal containers, and cutlery.
The Official Journal L 137 of 27 May 2008, p. 25.
Ms Ileana Viorica ION
Conducting operations for at least 10 days.
These recommendations shall be adapted to the type of product in question and field of application in question and may take the form of drawings if appropriate.
Such data should be transmitted directly to a single data set established for this purpose by the Commission.
Planned duration of the investment implementation
The methods of making this assessment have been made available to the parties.
CONTENTS OF NATIONAL CONTROL PROGRAMMES AS REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE 12
EFSA Journal 2014 ;
Latvia
Annex II is replaced by the text contained in Annex II to this Decision.
robexodine
Guaiacol butyrate
Market share - Norway (%)
The analysis of each sample was conducted in duplicate.
Relays:
For use in compound feed rich in non-starch polysaccharides ( mainly arabino-xylans and beta-glucans ) , e.g. containing more than 40 % wheat .
Fineness determined by wet sieving after disintegration in water:
concerning the closure of the accounts of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction for the financial year 2005
The Competent Authority ensured, based on the material evidence received, that there is no evidence of a breach of legal requirements concerning the environment.
If necessary for adequate solubilization, the use of small amounts of solvents miscible with water (such as acetonitrile, acetone, ethanol) for the introduction and distribution of the test substance is permissible, however, this amount should not normally exceed 1 % by volume. In cases where the use of higher concentrations of solvents is considered (e.g., for poorly soluble test substances), this is only permissible if it can be demonstrated that the solvent does not affect the hydrolysis of the test substances.
"Kaki Ribera del Xúquer"
The second objective is to encourage companies to further invest, particularly in a sustainable growth economy.
In order to ensure greater transparency and effectiveness of the political and administrative actions of the Parliament, it is recommended that all agendas, minutes of meetings, and decisions made by the decision-making bodies of the Parliament be promptly and widely available to Members, Parliament staff, and the public; it is reminded that the former Committee on the Rules provided a useful forum for discussion and served to transparently and publicly improve both the regulatory process and the internal affairs of the Parliament; in this regard, it is recommended to establish a neutral Committee on Rules and Internal Affairs that would address all such matters, which would then be approved at a plenary session of the Parliament.
Disinfectants based on quaternary ammonium salts, packed in forms or packings for retail sale or as preparations or articles.
Article 2 of the decree of 1995 reads as follows: "As of 31 December 2005, the conditions regarding subsidies set out in Regulation CIP [Interministerial Price Committee] No 13 of 24 July 1992 and subsequent amendments applicable to the supplies [of electricity] for the production of aluminum by the plants existing at the time of the entry into force of this decree shall be abolished."
A dispute concerning matters regulated by these Guidelines, which cannot be settled by agreement between the affected parties, may be submitted by any of the interested parties to the Governing Council for resolution.
However, imports from Russia were occurring at dumped prices, causing a cut in the prices charged by the EU industry, and additionally coincided with the deterioration of the situation of that industry.
Content of the Annex to the Directive : Provisions on the use of tank-containers.
Points 374 ( NORWAY SLOVENIA — ) to 378 ( NORWAY UNITED KINGDOM — ) shall be renumbered as points 431 to 435.
Section 2 – International agreements
Belgium further demonstrated that IFB reduced its capacity in the transshipment market from 1.5 million TEU in 2002 to 1.1 million TEU at the end of 2005. The Commission states that this reduction in capacity constitutes a significant mitigating factor.
Deferral of fee until 31 December 2004
It has appeared from the various examinations made that plant protection products containing the active substances concerned may be expected to satisfy, in general, the requirements laid down in Article 5 (1) (a) and (b) and Article 5 (3) of Directive 91/414/EEC, in particular with regard to the uses which were examined and detailed in the Commission review report.
Off-balance sheet items with medium risk under the standard method – nominal value
The Arrangement shall cease to be applicable six months after receipt of that notification.
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 215 thereof,
In the field of state aid, however, there may be types of confidential information that do not necessarily exist in the context of antitrust and merger control procedures, particularly relating to state secrets or other confidential information regarding the organizational activities of the state.
On the same side, thin bamboo slats run horizontally across the entire width at intervals of approximately 4 cm.
the competent authorities of the Member State in which the units or shares of the non-EU AIF are intended to be marketed, and insofar as it is not the home Member State of the AIFM, have entered into written arrangements on cooperation and exchange of information with the competent authorities of the depositary;
Directive 2001/82/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to veterinary medicinal products
parts of the Baltic Sea and the Belt Sea located to the south and east of the lines drawn from Hasenore Head to Gniben Point, from Korshage to Spodsbierg, and from Gilbierg Head to Kullen, and
Article 4 Principles
Where the Council decides to subject a natural or legal person, entity or body to the measures referred to in Article 16 (2), it shall amend Annex VIII accordingly.
a detailed description of any variant strategies of the preferred resolution and restructuring strategy that could be applied if it turns out that the preferred strategy is not feasible;
In duly justified cases, an exemption from the rule regarding the publication of members' names may be possible.
Member States shall take appropriate measures in the event of failure to provide such information.
a list of variables not exceeding 20 variables to be transmitted to the Commission ( Eurostat ), and the relevant units of measurement;
Regulation ( EU ) No 153 / 2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council
The fourth challenge is to enable active participation in social life for elderly people (over 65 years old), the unemployed and poorly educated, migrants, those in need of care, people living in remote or poorer regions, as well as disabled and homeless individuals.
Metallic pipe components with resilient and elastomeric seals:
The TFEU also introduced certain changes in terminology, such as the replacement of 'Community' with 'Union', 'common market' with 'internal market', and 'Court of First Instance' with 'Court'.
Column 1: Article 2 of Commission Directive 2014 / 93 / EU [ 3 ] may apply .
If the Commission has decided that none of the requests for authorization should be positively resolved, pursuant to Article 3 (2), a new round of issuing authorizations based on this Regulation is conducted, in accordance with the following provisions:
I HEREBY ADOPT THIS DECISION:
Operations following processing under contract ( no transfer of ownership to the processor )
Recommended dose per kilogram of complete feed for:
Support for the establishment of short supply chains, as referred to in Article 35(2)(d) of Regulation (EU) No 1305/2013, shall cover only supply chains involving no more than one intermediary between farmer and consumer.
Member States may extend provisional authorisations for plant protection products containing novaluron for a period not exceeding 24 months from the date of adoption of this Decision.
grants to finance the purchase of equipment to be used by specialised anti-counterfeiting authorities.
Reference number of the document
The competent bodies shall perform the following tasks:
Normal section sizes
amending and correcting Regulation ( EC ) No 795 / 2004 laying down detailed rules for the implementation of the single payment scheme provided for in Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1782 / 2003
ELISA plate reader (the test results can be read visually).
It is important for Sweden to adopt further regulatory measures to enhance competition, particularly in services; focus on the implementation and assessment of the recently introduced reforms aimed at increasing work incentives, combat youth unemployment, raise employment levels among immigrants, and ensure the reintegration of individuals on long-term sick leave back into the labor market.
Bulk Current Injection (BCI) Testing
The import function.
Reference tyre
However, the Icelandic authorities implemented the reported measures before the Office made a final decision in this matter.
Mergers, divisions and reorganisations
The MONUSCO vehicle was attacked with grenades 10 km from Mavivi airport in Beni, resulting in five members of the peacekeeping staff being wounded.
ITP has adopted the same position in its comments.
Similarly, the fact that allegedly some trends observed for the sampled Community producers are not similar to those observed for all complainants and that a small percentage of Community producers were subject to verification visits does not constitute legally valid arguments that could undermine the validity of the sample.
In relation to the quantities expressed in carcase-weight equivalents for the import of meat under CN code 0204 and live animals under CN codes 01041030, 01041080, and 01042090, as well as the applicable customs duties, the sizes specified in the Annex shall apply.
As indicated in the RAC opinion's base document, reliable analytical methods are available in the EU market for determining DCB content.
Under the financial protocols concluded with third countries in the Mediterranean region, global loan amounts granted from the own resources of the European Investment Bank have been established.
The report is submitted, if necessary, together with appropriate proposals.
Reporting period from : to :
Commission Delegated Directive 2014/6/EU
Architectural services for spaces
Pharmaceutical form.
approve the annual activity report of the joint venture and the related costs;
In the years 1983 to 1989, the company RTP's debt to the social security system reached PTE 2189 million, which was the result of the company failing to pay contributions to this system.
Available at https : / / publications.parliament.uk / pa / cm201213 / cmselect / cmpubacc / writev / 716 / m03.htm
The activities of the WWiI encompass the entire innovation chain, including the development of master's and doctoral programs certified by the EIT, combining high-quality science with education in entrepreneurship, services related to business creation, and mobility programs.
The licensee must however have the ability to sell the aforementioned items as spare parts for his own products, and thus supply them to third parties providing after-sales services for these products.
the novads of Mazsalacas
to Commission Regulation of 25 October 2004 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables
one or more of the public authorities designated by the third country; or
In accordance with the conditions for the authorization to practice as a physician and veterinarian.
However, air quality did not improve to the extent anticipated due to tightening emission standards for vehicles, particularly concerning oxides of nitrogen (NOx) and particulate matter.
Appendix — Test report
When determining whether a final regulatory action at Community level constitutes a ban or a severe restriction such that the chemical concerned qualifies for PIC notification under Article 10, the effect of that action shall be assessed at the level of the categories pesticides and industrial chemicals.
In Section I of Chapter V, the following point 5 is added:
For the fishing year from 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2013, the Union producer prices as provided for in Article 26 (1) of Regulation (EC) No 104/2000 shall be as set out in Annex II to this Regulation.
supporting the prevention of illegal migration through better integration of migration concerns into development strategies; this is also linked to strengthening border management and awareness campaigns about the dangers of illegal migration,
A ( high ) ( sf ) to A ( low ) ( sf )
Eurostat data do not allow for a precise determination of whether the imported products were sold to OEMs or the aftermarket segment.
Commission Implementing Directive 2012 / 1 / EU of 6 January 2012 amending Annex I to Council Directive 66 / 402 / EEC as regards the conditions that must be fulfilled by the cultivation of Oryza sativa [ 1 ] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
“Software” specially designed to maintain the alignment and phasing of segmented mirror arrays consisting of mirror segments with a diameter or major axis length of at least 1 m;
ethoxy-2- ( 4-methoxyphenyl ) benzo [ b ] thiophene
specialised units of the Ministry of Justice
Council Decision 94 / 800 / EC of 22 December 1994 concerning the conclusion on behalf of the European Community, as regards matters within its competence, of the agreements reached in the Uruguay Round multilateral negotiations (1986 – 1994) (OJ L 336, 23.12.1994, p. 1).
A mother suffering from alcoholism is doubly guilty; first due to her behavior, and second because she is perceived as a bad mother from whom the children should be taken away.
The measure in question can therefore be attributed to the State, and the resources from which the compensation was paid constitute State resources.
Operator using TAIL NB : N676GH
The electronic signatures referred to in point ( b ) of paragraph 2 shall have the equivalent legal effect of handwritten signatures .
The non-injurious price was obtained by adjusting the sales price of the sampled Union producers in accordance with the actual profit / loss made during the IP and by adding the above mentioned profit margin.
fourthly, the guarantees from 2007 and 2008 were granted for loans to a firm in difficulty, and no compensation for the guarantor (the State) was foreseen.
The Commission also emphasizes that the Italian authorities have not demonstrated that the measure in question results from the nature or structure of the Italian taxation system.
a risk-based wildlife monitoring programme has been implemented in accordance with Chapter II A ( d ) of Annex IV .
If the application is to be submitted by a third-country national, Member States shall allow the application to be made from a third country or, if provided for by national law, in the territory of the Member State where that citizen is legally present.
Council Directive 2002/53/EC of 13 June 2002 on the Common Catalog of Varieties of Agricultural Plant Species (OJ L 193 of 20.7.2002, p. 1), in particular its Article 17.
Staff members called to serve in the armed forces for a period of training are entitled to special paid leave of no more than two weeks in a year or four weeks every two years.
Subordinated liabilities that are not classified as basic own funds should not be included here;
Zone Community waters and waters not under the sovereignty or jurisdiction of third countries of VI ( ORY / 06- )
Furthermore, the company reported significant profits, while in reality it incurred substantial losses, and the presented accounting documents did not include accurate consolidated turnover figures pertaining to all of the company's operations.
Anthraquinone
Except in cases of force majeure, the security referred to in paragraph 1 (b) shall be released only if proof is furnished to the competent authority of the Member State that the young bovine animals:
As stated in recital (49) above, the price comparison was conducted using the most comparable basis, that is, domestic prices were compared under similar delivery conditions in similar and geographically closest markets.
Rear fog lights
If the system is not deactivated by the driver, for example, by turning the ignition switch to the off position or by turning off that specific function if a special switch is provided for that purpose, the warning should remain visible for the duration of the fault condition.
Name of the vessel that discharged the fish
ATTACHMENT II
sultraplase
Paragraphs 24 – 31 specify the types of identifiable assets and liabilities that include items for which this IFRS provides limited exceptions to the measurement principle.
Other amounts receivable/payable
Moreover, in cases where there is a higher risk of loss related to natural disasters, it is doubtful that farms could be covered by insurance offered by a private insurer under similar conditions.
Low-emission growth has long been separated from resource consumption, paving the way for a safe and sustainable global society.
According to Spain, these funds do not provide any benefits to the mining companies themselves, as they are intended to cover exceptional costs related to the restructuring process.
total number of symptomatic species ,
In its resolution of 10 September 2013 on online gambling within the internal market [ 3 ], the European Parliament called on the Commission to explore the possibilities of interoperability of national self-exclusion registers, to raise awareness of the risks associated with gambling addiction, and to consider mandatory identity checks by third parties.
As already mentioned, a gradual easing of the impact that American regulations regarding wood processing have had on demand in the USA can soon be expected, whereas the widely known difficult situation in the construction and automotive sectors in Europe and the USA does not seem likely to assist in increasing demand for the product concerned from the cement or automotive fluids sector, at least not in the foreseeable future.
Transmitting devices not incorporating receiving apparatus
Sheep or lamb skin leather without wool on; parchment-dressed or prepared after tanning (excluding chamois leather, patent leather, patent laminated leather, and metallised leather)
Fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps denominated in USD
where appropriate , dates of payment and delivery and a copy of the bill of lading and of the purchase contract ;
trans-4-(propan-2-yl)cyclohexanecarboxylic acid
Marine crabs n.e.i.
The commitments will end on the date of the divestment of more than 50 % of ING Insurance Europe casu quo NN Bank, unless specified otherwise.
Monofilament of which any cross-sectional dimension > 1 mm , rods , sticks and profile shapes , of plastics (other than polymers of ethylene and vinyl chloride) , whether or not surface-worked but not further worked
in Article 9 ( 1 ) point ( c ) and paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) are replaced by the following :
This system itself constitutes a separate, general system applicable to all Spanish non-profit organizations, regardless of sector, size, and region.
Hungary itself admitted that the task of MAVA company was never to generate profits.
the following paragraph shall be added to Article 216 :
EUR 54,11 per tonne in Spain
Germany
(Z)-3-(6-chloro-3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-thiazolidin-2-ylidenecyanamide
amending Annex I to Decision 2009 / 177 / EC as regards surveillance programmes for Finland and the United Kingdom and the disease-free status of Finland and the United Kingdom for certain aquatic animal diseases
microorganisms and white blood cells observed in the joint fluid sample stained by Gram method
Sugars
Air heaters and hot air distributors, including those that can also distribute fresh or conditioned air, non-electrically heated, equipped with fans or motor-driven blowers, and their parts, made of iron or steel.
In the absence of any substantially new information or argument in this respect, recitals 119 to 135 of the provisional Regulation are hereby confirmed.
Base rate
Vehicle type-approval should apply to both RESS and the Coupling system for charging the RESS, as they are considered electrical/electronic systems.
Article 3
Commission Regulation (EC) No 1213/2008 [2] established the first multiannual coordinated community program covering the years 2009, 2010, and 2011.
If the verifier has observed changes in capacity, activity levels, and operation of an installation that may affect the allocation of emission allowances for that installation and which have not been reported to the competent authority by 31 December of the reporting period in accordance with Article 24 (1) of Decision 2011 / 278 / EU, a description of such changes and relevant remarks;
It is largely dependent on the location of products and the source of supply and is linked to many different supply-related factors.
The amount of aid is considered to be 100% of the guaranteed amount, multiplied by the duration of the guarantee (the number of months during which the guarantee was in effect out of 3 years, or 36 months).
The competent authorities monitor UCITS and AIFs established or marketed in their jurisdictions to verify that they do not use the designation AIF or suggest that they possess AIF status, unless they comply with the provisions of this Regulation.
the following indent is added in point 12q ( Directive 2002 / 95 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ) :
other functions, please specify
All these initiatives are of strategic importance and equally provide an important framework for a policy aimed at strengthening relations with partner countries and relations between those countries, based on the principles of mutual accountability, shared responsibility, and a sense of duty.
Comments from the EU aviation security validator.
Cetylpyridinium chloride
o-Toluidine derived dyes
Biostability
If the seat meets the requirements of Appendix 6 to this Regulation.
Sufficient data must be generated and submitted to confirm that specific patterns apply to the regions and a range of conditions that may occur in those regions where its use is to be recommended.
the number of dairy cows for which the intensification payment was actually granted;
consists exclusively of hydrolysed protein / dicalcium phosphate / tricalcium phosphate ( 2 ) not intended for human consumption ;
It is therefore appropriate to operate deductions on the fishing quotas allocated to them in 2018 and, where relevant, in subsequent years, for the overfished stocks.
The financial reference amount intended to cover the expenditure related to EUMM for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2007 amounts to EUR 2318000. This amount also includes expenditure for the closure of EUMM.
revocation or suspension of approval or registration allowing the operation of a feed or food business;
The President of the city of Szczecin emphasized the importance of the shipyard for the region and stated that despite some delays, the restructuring being implemented has yielded the expected results, and in the long term, the shipyard is capable of competing in the market with other shipyards.
Information and communication technologies ( TEN-ICT networks )
Norwegian waters I and II
laprafylline
Note: The acceptance criteria for the "whole system failure rate leading to false-negative results" is 99 out of 100 positive assays.
In accordance with Article 21 paragraphs 2 and 3 of the Financial Regulation, all revenues will be used to provide additional resources under item 3 0 0 5 of the expenditure budget in this section.
flexibility provided by leasing.
the total price of the tourist event, including taxes and, if applicable, any additional charges and other costs or – if it cannot reasonably be expected that these costs can be calculated before the contract is concluded – information on the type of additional costs that the traveller may still incur;
The above analysis allowed for a proper distinction and separation of the effects of all known factors influencing the situation of the EU industry from the harmful effects of the import of goods at dumping prices.
Export of goods listed in Annex II or III, and supply of technical assistance related to goods listed in Annex II as referred to in Articles 3 (1) and 4 (1):
Further details of the areas of cooperation under this Article are set out in Part B of Annex II.
December 16, 2013
Aulacomya ater
The warning signal must also be visible in daylight; the proper condition of the signal must be easy for the driver to verify from the driver's seat.
The conclusion of the Marrakesh Treaty falls under the exclusive competence of the Union, the Marrakesh Treaty should be approved.
EXPENDITURE [1] INCURRED IN CARRYING OUT THE NATIONAL PROGRAMME FOR IMPLEMENTING THE CONTROL, INSPECTION AND SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ON FISHERIES ACTIVITIES
Sections B to G of NACE Rev. 2
Commission Decision 2005 / 813 / EC of 15 November 2005 amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2002 / 308 / EC establishing lists of approved zones and approved farms with regard to one or more of the fish diseases viral haemorrhagic septicaemia ( VHS ) and infectious haematopoietic necrosis ( IHN ) is to be incorporated into the Agreement .
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 983 / 2012
Flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa: –– not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
According to Article 2 ( 7 ) ( a ) of the basic Regulation , normal value for the exporting producers not granted MET has to be established on the basis of the prices or constructed value in an analogue country .
access to short term standardised products on a trading platform ;
Appendix G contains general information and definitions related to noise testing.
It provides for the implementation of emergency measures to be applied by the Commission in cases where there is evidence that food imported from a third country may pose a serious threat to human health.
The Commission requires the reference number of the relevant invitation to tender.8.11.
Control device
The contracting authority or contracting entity shall require the concessionaire to notify it of any changes to this information during the course of the concession as well as to provide the required information regarding any new subcontractors which it subsequently involves in such works or services.
It is recommended that the total aliquots taken do not exceed 1% of the total volume of the solution, in order to avoid significant changes in the soil/solution ratio and to reduce the mass of dissolved substances capable of adsorption during the duration of the test.
Simple
from 5306 to 5308
Anura
In this context, it does not matter that during the expiry review which removed the anti-dumping duties on imports of urea from Russia, no likelihood of recurrence of injury was demonstrated, as each case should be assessed in light of its own characteristics and individual circumstances.
The total number of employees measured in full-time equivalents (FTE) in the industry decreased by 20% during the period under review and reached its lowest level in the IP.
Other starches
Council Directive 76 / 211 / EEC of 20 January 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the making up by weight or by volume of certain pre-packaged products ( OJ L 46 , 21.2.1976 , p . 1 ) , as subsequently amended .
less than 2,5 % of nickel , other than wire containing by weight 13 % or more but not more than 25 % of chromium and 3,5 % or more but not more than 6 % of aluminium ,
at least one discrete graphics card ( dGfx ) meeting the G3 ( with FB Data Width > 128-bit ) , G4 , G5 , G6 or G7 classification ;
At the air traffic controller's workstation, the TBS support tool must be integrated with safety networks to assist the air traffic controller in calculating the TBS distance while respecting the minimum separation based on radar readings using actual wind conditions for the descent path.
The total Community production decreased by 20 %, the total sales decreased by 21 %, and the market share of the entire Community industry decreased by 16 %.
These products do not bear the CE marking.
Following the provisional disclosure, one of the community importers stated that the Commission's findings regarding the fluctuations of Chinese export prices during the investigation period were distorted due to the use of fiscal years instead of calendar years.
Non-domestic vacuum cleaners and floor polishers
The issuance of a temporary authorization does not grant access to classified information marked "SECRET UE / EU SECRET" and above.
The variables listed in section 3 shall be measured using appropriate transducers.
Taxes on production and imports [ 1A.9 ] are taxes on production and imports ( D.2 ) recorded among revenues of sector S.13.
Commission Directive 2010 / 74 / EU
Therefore, accordingly with its normal practice, the Commission must assess these measures taking into account the rules on state aid insofar as they distort or threaten to distort competition in markets for products not listed in Article 296.
The funds are intended for the implementation of preliminary actions resulting from Regulation (EC) No 882/2004, in particular: training in food and feed control.
Section 6
Article 44 of the amended Law No 86-1067 on Freedom of Social Communication also states that ‘ The public resources allocated to public broadcasters in compensation for the public service obligations entrusted to them shall not exceed the cost of discharging these obligations ’.
If the vehicle submitted for approval pursuant to this Regulation meets the requirements of paragraph 15 below, approval of the vehicle type shall be granted.
Implementation will be carried out using the following means :
For the purposes of paragraph 1, the retention shall be deducted on a pro rata basis for the period during which the beneficial owner holds a debt-claim.
32013 D 0065 : Commission Implementing Decision 2013 / 65 / EU of 19 December 2012 pursuant to Directive 95 / 46 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the adequate protection of personal data by New Zealand ( OJ L 28 , 30.1.2013 , p . 12 ) . ’
Basic knowledge of integrated pest management strategies and techniques, integrated production strategies and techniques, organic farming principles, biological pest control methods, and information on general principles and guidelines for integrated pest management for specific crops and sectors.
Position of approval mark on the vehicle : …
Moreover, other portfolio investments recorded in the balance sheet, such as Rhinebridge, also experienced significant changes in fair value that had to be recognized in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).
Serbia and Montenegro ( 34 )
Project IV: Science and Technology
Metaldehyde, hexamethylenetetramine and similar substances in the form of tablets, sticks or similar forms, used as fuel; alcohol-based fuels and similar ready-made fuels, in solid or semi-solid form; torches, fire sources of light and similar.
Select the digestion period.
creating conditions for closer cooperation in other areas of common interest.
In light of technical and scientific developments in this context, the standard of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UNECE ) concerning the marketing and commercial quality control of seed potatoes, as well as the relevant standards of the International Plant Protection Convention ( IPPC ) and the European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organization ( EPPO ), should be taken into account.
These funds are intended to finance obligations that remain to be settled from previous years under the pilot project.
A brief description of the vehicle with regard to driver operated controls.
The audit team reviews the technical documentation referred to in point 3.1 to verify the manufacturer's ability to identify the relevant requirements of this regulation and to carry out the necessary tests to ensure the conformity of subsystems or safety components with those requirements.
The interest of unrelated importers and distributors.
As part of supervisory activities, the national safety authority ensures coverage of control:
Analytical grade of chloroacetamide is recommended as a reference substance.
The Group of Representatives of National States shall adopt its rules of procedure.
for the Union, any citizen of the Republic of Cape Verde authorized or entitled to stay for more than 90 days in the territory of a Member State, on the basis of national legislation or Union law;
The following return vehicles and the equipment designed or modified for them suitable for use in the systems specified in item 1.A., except in cases provided for in the note below point 2.A.1. regarding systems designed for payloads that are not weapons:
Therefore, this argument was rejected as unfounded.
If these methods are not available, normal value may also be determined on the basis of any other reasonable method, including the price actually paid or payable in the Union for the like product, duly adjusted if necessary to include a reasonable profit margin.
fans
Toilet waters
Crude oil produced becomes the property of the respective licensee.
Either petrol ( E5 ) or NG / biomethane ;
Criterion 54.
The time is always given in hours and minutes UTC at the time of issuing a special air report.
E 202 additional page 3 NO
The field is empty in the case of non-confidential data.
Glossary
presentation of the list of actions taken in an attempt to achieve compliance; and
It is confirmed, therefore, that the selection of the sample of Community producers was based on the largest representative volume of production that could be examined within the time provided by Article 17 of the basic Regulation, and that the sample is fully representative.
If necessary, add deionized water (point 14) to achieve the required volume.
the specific information on effects on aquatic organisms as provided for in the Annex to Regulation ( EU ) No 544 / 2011 and the results of the evaluation thereof ;
Forms of material reception conditions
Sugar — Restructuring Fund
Permanent grassland
Cactus fruit
Growth
The number of registrations reported by Member States may not be changed for any other reason.
Immediately after the election of the President and Vice-President of the Court, the Judges shall elect for a term of three years the Presidents of the Chambers composed of five Judges.
Complication indicators, both short- and long-term, as well as long-term effects including sexual function, body image perception, gender identity, social identity, and aesthetics, continue to be highlighted as gaps requiring future research.
Reservation IIIA-PT-11
Pennant's red colobus
if the information is duplicated, it shall be listed only once for the mixture overall, such as when two substances both cause vomiting and diarrhoea;
Cleaning, disinfecting, sorting and straightening of bristles and hair
from the west — a straight line towards the north to the western border of the village of Bacze Mokre, then from the western border of the village of Bacze Mokre in a straight line to the northeast towards the road leading to the prison in Czerwony Bór, then along this road to road No. 63.
In order to take into account entities that derive a significant portion of their income from infrastructure activities, the wording of the income criteria needs to be amended.
Source of information using open text
D-glucose pentaoctanoate
Annex VII
the purpose of each securities lending and borrowing operation;
The Commission cannot accept France's argument that the continued presence of the FagorBrandt group in the market has a positive effect by preventing the creation of an oligopoly.
Applications for questionnaires must be submitted to the Commission within 15 days from the date of publication of this Regulation in the Official Journal of the European Union.
Toray Plastics Europe expressed its support for the request, although it is not a formal applicant.
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS ( 44 )
( fast units ) Reg.
Salts and esters of citric acid
The Community and certain third countries wish to allow the trade in poultry and poultry products originating from approved groups, and therefore EU legislation should additionally include the principle of grouping imported poultry and poultry products.
Commission Delegated Regulation ( EU ) 2017/207
data link communication messages related to ATS communications to and from the aeroplane, including messages applying to the following applications:
1049 Brussels / Brussel
Calves of cattle and buffaloes, live
In Article 34a, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following :
Recognizing the high adaptation costs borne by Sugar Protocol countries due to the EC sugar sector reforms, the EIB will make efforts to direct part of the resources from the Investment Facility and its own funds towards investments in the sugar sector of the countries covered by the Sugar Protocol.
In the district of Bad Dürkheim, the municipalities of Lambrecht (Pfalz), Hettenleidelheim, Freinsheim, and Grünstadt Land.
“ Propellants ”, not specified elsewhere in the EU Common Military List, specially designed for military use;
Regulation ( EC ) No 1907 / 2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council
Grape leaves
with a printed circuit board featuring EEPROM memory, a microcontroller, an LVDS receiver, and other active and passive components,
in the case of C2: both headlamps 0 per cent
Diplomatska izkaznica ( diplomatic identity card )
the following paragraphs 5, 6, and 7 shall be added:
Specially designed or modified thin-walled cylinders with a wall thickness of 12 mm or less, with a diameter between 75 mm and 650 mm, made from one or more materials with a high strength-to-density ratio, as described in the EXPLANATORY NOTE to this section.
Methionine
NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF TECHNICAL SERVICES RESPONSIBLE FOR CONDUCTING APPROVAL TESTS, AND OF ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS
Capital repayments and interest related to the loans granted by the Commission and the risk capital provided by it for developing countries in the Mediterranean basin and the Republic of South Africa under the "European Union Investment Partners" action.
the SIRENE Bureau of the Member State that was not able to enter the alert may request that the SIRENE Bureau of the Member State that entered the alert informs it of hits related to that alert.
NUMBER OF FISH
Educational attainment level (basic, secondary, higher or no education)
the constituents of the pharmaceutical form administered to animals .
New pneumatic tyres, made of rubber, of a kind used on aircraft.
Finally, Spain states that the problems faced by Danish yards are not caused by competition from Spanish yards, but rather by unfair competition from Korea.
Other microscopes
Requirements for mechanical coupling must be adjusted to the ISO 6489-1 standard.
conducting statistical research, preparatory studies and feasibility analyses as well as pilot programs necessary to achieve its objectives; organizing meetings with experts and, if necessary, setting up ad hoc working groups for this purpose; developing and disseminating open scientific documentation resources and supporting informational activities;
Member States conducting representative surveys shall ensure that the weighted survey results are statistically representative of agricultural holdings within each region and meet the precision requirements set out in Annex IV.
Recipient
Even if we were to assume that all beneficiaries of this measure are small and medium-sized enterprises, according to the argument put forward by the Greek authorities, point 3.5 of the notice on guarantees would apply.
In order to determine whether alternative access-seeking entities can economically replicate the downstream offer provided by the SMP operator using available regulated wholesale products, in cases where wholesale price regulation should not be imposed, the NRA should conduct an economic replicability test.
Regulation ( EC ) No 1831 / 2003 provides for the authorisation of additives for use in animal nutrition and specifies the justification and procedures for granting or denying such authorisation.
exaprolol
electric power was available on the aircraft;
protocol for upgrading to TLS within HTTP/1.1, HTTPS (Upgrading to TLS Within HTTP/1.1)
"interrogator code allocation implementation sequence" means a time-limited sequence for implementing interrogator code allocations that Mode S users must follow to avoid temporal interrogator code conflicts;
As indicated by the information provided by ISB and Arion, the mentioned interest rate significantly exceeds not only the average interest rates stipulated in contracts for comparable debt instruments entered into during the discussed period, but also the highest financing cost of a European bank that used mortgages as collateral at that time (i.e., the Bank of Ireland, where the interest rate corresponded to the interbank rates increased by 1.9%).
EUR 109,50 per tonne of sugar quota renounced in the marketing year 2007 / 2008,
either [ II.4.6. have remained in the exporting country for at least the last six months prior to collection of semen for export ; ]
a statement of support or opposition, in whole or in part, to the remedy sought by one of the parties;
"It is recommended that a consultation with a veterinarian be sought before use or before extending the period of use."
Only duly authorised staff of the operational units, as well as the central access point (s), shall be entitled to access VIS in accordance with Article 4.
EUR 35 million
Producers of products may fulfill their obligations arising from the extended producer responsibility system individually or collectively.
For the purposes of paragraph 4, "retained mobilised asset-backed securities" means asset-backed securities used at a value greater than 75% of the outstanding nominal amount by a counterparty that originated the securities or by entities closely linked to the originator.
in the appropriate amounts of fluids to ensure the proper functioning of all vehicle components.
Since none of these approaches would lead to a change in the findings regarding sufficient price increases, the Commission left open the question of whether in this case an increase in the conventional duty rate should be taken into account for the purpose of price comparison.
The third significant element of the restructuring plan concerns the restructuring of banking activities in Spain.
The relevant requirements apply to HVDC connections of DC-connected power park modules and HVDC systems.
32005 R 0378: Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 378 / 2005 of 4 March 2005 on detailed rules for the implementation of Regulation ( EC ) No 1831 / 2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the duties and tasks of the Community Reference Laboratory concerning applications for authorisations of feed additives ( OJ L 59 , 5.3.2005 , p . 8 ) .
Asparagus
In this case, the beneficiaries are the air carriers specified in Regulation ( EC ) No 1008 / 2008 [ 135 ].
Exemption approved by the competent authority.
NACE 30.12 : Manufacture of pleasure and sporting boats
Drives powered by electric motors
The maximum cost of the measures specified in Article 1 is 500000 EUR for a period of two years.
ANNEX II
Rejection of the application shall not lead to the automatic revocation of any existing authorisation granted under customs legislation.
Furthermore, a positive factor is the bank's refraining from making additional investments in securities with a non-investment grade rating, which will help maintain its capital position and level of liquidity.
a repeated refusal or undue delay in carrying out subsequent verifications of the proof of origin or communicating their results;
covert investigation
Item k
The executing agencies shall take all appropriate measures to publicise the fact that the action is funded by the European Union.
Certain clauses may, however, render the underlying assets of reverse repurchase agreements unavailable to fund managers and thus illiquid.
The assets must be sold at market price ( to the highest bidder ).
supplies of cereals and industrial crops (including oilseeds and sugar beets) which are usually not intended for final consumption in their unchanged state;
€0.02 for the purchase of vaccine doses;
Done at Brussels , 11 July 2008 .
The risk-sharing loan provides SMEs with easier access to financing in the form of new loans, as it offers financial intermediaries a financial contribution and credit risk sharing, thereby ensuring SMEs larger funds on preferential terms, e.g., lower interest rates and/or less collateral.
Public health
It shall furthermore be functionally independent from any competent authority involved in the granting of public contracts for services.
Each data transmission has the following structure:
Article 20
NETHERLANDS
With regard to railway infrastructure, the independent assessor possesses:
Calculate the percentage of alpha-cyclodextrin in the test sample as follows:
Interest rate and inflation: residual maturity above 5 years
As for procedural matters, Luxembourg maintains that the proper procedure for the formal information request was not applied in this case, in the sense that the provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 659/1999 do not allow the Commission to include a formal information request in the decision to initiate the procedure.
Article 45 (4) of Regulation (EC) No 1592/2002 stipulates that where an inspection by the competent authorities of a Member State involves the necessity of inspecting an undertaking or an association of undertakings, the Agency shall apply the provisions of Article 46 of this Regulation.
Cobalt
The "Administration" item includes costs for ground staff and administrative premises.
Relationship (i.e.: own child, adopted child, foster child):
This Regulation shall enter into force on the twentieth day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
The plans of RMG, which specifically aim to reduce the diversification of costs and revenues, are based on significant restructuring measures undertaken by RMG since 2002 (including the implementation of major changes to the PERM system) to modernize its operations and reduce costs.
Fruit spreads
In Article 34 (1), the term SWIFT ‘ ’ is replaced by the term BIC ‘ ’.
The applicable Union law concerning the import of animal products ensures that only animal products compliant with it may be imported from Madagascar to the Union.
CHAPTER 14 03 —
Only the third agreement, dated 13 May 2010, contains the provision whereby the transferred property is subject to the burdens and easements listed in the land register.
Kosovo in accordance with United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 / 1999.
Consequently, the article cannot be classified as textile floor covering under heading 57 in the sense of Note 1 to heading 57, because the exposed surface of the article is not made of textile material, but primarily of products similar to rattan covered by heading 4601.
Potassium sulfate ( K2SO4 )
former first deputy head of the KGB
The Greek authorities and the beneficiary argue that the restructuring was based on a general national law applicable to all companies in Greece [22] and that therefore the measure in question was not selective.
This leads to the obligation to maintain technical compatibility.
Four-circuit safety valve.
the types and dimensions of the seats,
Commission Decision 2008/22/EC of 19 December 2007 establishing the rules for the implementation of Decision No 573/2007/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the European Refugee Fund for the years 2008-2013 as part of the general programme Solidarity and Management of Migration Flows concerning the management and control systems of Member States, the rules for administrative and financial management, and the eligibility criteria for expenditure for the implementation of projects co-financed by the Fund (OJ L 7, 10.1.2008, p. 1).
The applicant operator seeking approval for the implementation of ATQP shall submit to the Authority an implementation plan in accordance with point ( c ) of Appendix 1 to OPS 1.978.
( notified under document C ( 2012 ) 9551 )
Kavoshyar Company .
The Austrian regions falling under the Regional competitiveness and employment objective and located along the former external borders of the European Union will be allocated an additional ERDF envelope of EUR 150 million. Similarly, Bavaria will be allocated an additional envelope of EUR 75 million under the Regional competitiveness and employment objective.
The concentration of cadmium available for uptake by plants.
For multi-functionality in end-of-life situations, these rules shall specify how to calculate the different parts within the provided mandatory formula.
The Finnish Post has a market share of 100 % and is the sole provider of these services.
The competent authority shall be responsible for informing the Commission and the other Member States thereof.
FagorBrandt can therefore count only on the financial support of Fagor, limited by the current capabilities of the latter company.
If one of the Parties is aware or has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not or may not be able to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 above regarding non-disclosure, it shall promptly notify the other Party.
Zone III , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , X , XII ( Community waters and international waters )
Declared tyre load: N
Therefore, Regulation ( EC ) No 546 / 2003 should be amended accordingly.
Operator using TAIL NB : XACXW
Cooperation in the area of combating terrorism may also be conducted with individual countries, regions, or international, regional, and sub-regional organizations;
New psychoactive substances that pose threats to public health and, where appropriate, social threats throughout the Union should be addressed at the Union level.
Opinion of 11 October 2006 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
References to the repealed Regulation shall be construed as references to this Regulation and shall be read in accordance with the correlation table set out in Annex III.
Amina / amidine, a heterocyclic organic sulfur compound.
As regards objections based on non-compliance with Article 3 (3) of Regulation (EC) No 510/2006, the Netherlands submitted information concerning the distinction between the product bearing the registered name Noord-Hollandse Edammer and that for which the name Edam Holland is applied.
With multi-entry impeller
Done at Brussels, 18 July 2011.
larazotide
The dimensions of the pan must be chosen so as to ensure that the sides of the tested device are exposed to the flames.
In the context of the average annual progress rates recorded in the Member States over the last fifteen years, in order to achieve these goals, the aforementioned Member States should significantly increase their recycling capacities to levels far exceeding the averages attained in recent years.
certification and documentation demonstrating that the organization and location of the tenderer's supply chain will enable it to meet the requirements of the contracting authority / entity regarding the security of supplies specified in the contract documentation, as well as a commitment to ensure that any changes in the supply chain during the execution of the contract will not adversely affect compliance with these requirements;
Chairperson
The EUSR shall present the SG / HR , the Council and the Commission with a progress report before the end of June 2009 and a comprehensive mandate implementation report by mid-November 2009 . These reports shall form a basis for evaluation of this Joint Action in the relevant working groups and by the PSC .
Women’s or girls' suits and ensembles, of knitted or crocheted textiles
Article 183 , first and second paragraphs
Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 should therefore be amended accordingly.
Table 2
As explained above, the ARWs intended for original equipment manufacturers are generally prepared two years before the launch of a new car model.
with observations forming an integral part of the decision on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Fisheries Control Agency for the financial year 2012
Tier I capital ratio considering adjustments under Pillar II
Sports footwear
The main national institutions involved in the implementation shall also be specified in the relevant annual programme.
In line with IMO and ITU decisions, the requirements for Two Tone Alarm generator and transmission on A3H are no longer applicable in the testing standards.
Disc with integrated drum — with or without parking brake function;
Except for research and development services referred to in Article 13 (j).
Annex II to Decision 93/52/EEC is amended in accordance with Annex I to this Decision.
Environment / land management
The control should include a review of the documentation and, if necessary for the purpose of verifying compliance, an examination of the product.
The entry Agha, Haji Abdul Manan (alias Saiyid; Abd Al-Manam), Pakistan under the heading Natural persons shall be replaced by:
Additional CCS features ( W )
Total available own funds to cover the group's consolidated SCR (excluding the other financial sector and from undertakings included by the deduction and aggregation method) – overall
Done at Brussels, 29 July 2005.
The place of origin corresponds to the embryo collection team or the embryo production team that collected/produced these ova/embryos.
Once the customs authorities issue an export transport document specifying, among other things, the amount of the refund granted in relation to a specific export transaction, the government of India can no longer decide on the granting of the subsidy.
Repr. Cat.
This volume corresponds to 10 – 15 % of total Russian exports to the Community during the RIP or a potential market share of 1.5 – 2 % of the Community market.
an analysis of whether the products or combination of products offered on forward markets provide a hedge against price volatility in the next-day market of the given bidding zone.
Excessive fluctuation of brake force during each complete wheel revolution.
Title : Vice Admiral .
DEROGATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 87 (3) OF THE EC TREATY
amending the Annex to Regulation ( EU ) No 37 / 2010 on pharmacologically active substances and their classification regarding maximum residue limits in foodstuffs of animal origin , as regards the substance tildipirosin
Internal combustion engine.
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 601 / 2012 of 21 June 2012 on the monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions pursuant to Directive 2003 / 87 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( OJ L 181 , 12.7.2012 , p . 30 ) , as corrected by OJ L 347 , 15.12.2012 , p . 43 .
France recalls that the Commission cannot assess certain advances due to their expiration.
Flotation techniques based on the use of dissolved air for separating coagulated and flocculated material.
The Greenlandic authorities informed the Commission that the Community is entitled to fish 1,000 tons of crabs of the species Chionoecetes spp. in Greenlandic waters.
The total amount paid in the form of pre-financing shall be reimbursed to the Commission if no application for payment under Article 44 is received within 36 months from the date on which the Commission pays the first instalment of the advance payments.
Certificate on Access to Vehicle OBD and Vehicle Repair and Maintenance Information
SPIRODIKLOFEN
Ethiopia
Western Mediterranean Sea;
amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2004/558/EC as regards the infectious bovine rhinotracheitis-free status of the Federal States of Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, Brandenburg, Berlin and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Furthermore, IAS can cause significant harm to human health and the economy.
If the new financial regulation allows for greater flexibility in the allocation of lump-sum amounts in relation to specific outcomes, this flexibility could also be used for capacity building towards the "bankability" of investment projects and access to the market.
32 DECISIONS REGARDING SIS II
In such cases, the Member States shall notify the Commission of the State aid, which the Commission may approve in accordance with this Regulation as part of those plans.
EUR 2000000 for Portugal.
The Commission Communication to the European Parliament and the Council on the animal testing and marketing ban and on the state of play in relation to alternative methods in the field of cosmetics presents how the Commission interprets these requirements [ 21 ].
new data or information indicating that the biocidal product is not sufficiently effective.
the budget article and any other smaller units of its division that may apply, including, where appropriate, references to relevant budgetary commitments;
The other factors which were examined in the context of causality are the development of demand on the Union market, raw material prices, the export performance of the Union industry, the imports of the product subject to the proceedings from other third countries, the use of oxalic acid for own purposes, and the economic crisis.
The sample dryer shall allow for measuring at least 95 per cent of the total NO2 at the maximum expected concentration of NO2.
For this purpose, economic operators may provide evidence or data obtained inter alia in accordance with a voluntary national or international system or in accordance with a national system.
GENERAL PERMITS FOR TRANSFER FOR EXHIBITIONS AND EVALUATIONS
The presented evidence was therefore insufficient to amend the application regarding the Union market's attractiveness in terms of prices.
"Analysis for Renewal 2009 — Marketable Portfolio."
On behalf of the Commission
Glandless impeller pumps for heating systems and hot water supply
A least-developed country Member shall not be subject to proceedings under the Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes in respect of a specific provision from the date of notification to the Committee of the inability to implement that provision until the Committee makes a decision in the matter or for 24 months from the date of the first meeting of the Committee, whichever occurs first.
Organotin compounds
Stringed instruments
Enforceability
( FROI / C )
In light of the above findings, the treatment of the separate import from Russia is not justified, and the request is rejected.
Shandong Weldstone Tungsten Industry Co . , Ltd . , Zibo
The third region where the collection and transmission of visa data to the VIS should start for all visa applications should be the Gulf region.
Section 42: Articles of leather; saddlery and harness; travel goods, handbags and similar containers; articles of animal gut (other than silkworm gut)
( notified under document number C ( 2009 ) 6054 )
Prepared feeds for farm animals (excluding premixes), not elsewhere classified
3000 km running-in period ( no excessive blowing / loading )
In France, employees' pension schemes ("2nd pillar") are compulsory and are financed on a pay-as-you-go basis.
EFOGR — Guarantee Section finances expenditure incurred by the Member States in accordance with Articles 2 and 3 (2) and (3) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1258 / 1999 until October 15, 2006.
In the case of vehicles in category M1, the vehicle mass at which this height is measured must be provided by the manufacturer and included in the notification (Annex 2).
The part of name defines the name of the thoroughfare.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 246 / 2007
None of the provisions of this Article shall limit any rights arising from the limitation of liability set out in Articles 7 or 8 of this Convention.
Access to the transmitted data is restricted to the authorities authorized to supervise infringements of Regulation ( EC ) No 561 / 2006 and this Regulation, as well as to workshops to the extent necessary to check the proper functioning of the tachograph.
The discussions are confidential.
2-Methylpyridine ; 2-picoline
confers on any undertaking or undertakings, otherwise than by the application of such criteria, any statutory or administrative advantages which substantially affect the ability of other undertakings to provide the same services or engage in the same type of activity in the same geographical area under substantially equivalent conditions.
Main data elements of the wagon number,
It shall not be possible to turn off the warning system until the reagent has been replenished to a level not requiring its activation.
A Member State may, where this is dictated by the organisation of its internal judicial system, assign to its central authority or authorities the responsibility for the administrative transmission and reception of decisions regarding supervision measures along with the certificates referred to in Article 10, as well as any official correspondence relating to them.
White clay is a very rare product, both nationally and internationally.
Climate control and air quality
In any given year, institutions may offset negative capital requirements arising from the negative part of the relevant ratio in any line of business against positive capital requirements in other lines of business without limitation.
alloclamide
The Italian authorities emphasize that the compatibility of the aid should be assessed on the basis of Article 87 (2) (b) of the Treaty, as it concerns aid intended to repair damage resulting from natural disasters or other exceptional occurrences.
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 1235 / 2011 of 29 November 2011 amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1222 / 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council regarding the classification of tires in terms of wet grip, rolling resistance measurements, and verification procedure [ 1 ] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement .
on the signing, on behalf of the European Union, of the Agreement between the European Union and the Federative Republic of Brazil on short-stay visa waiver for holders of diplomatic, service or official passports
Contracting Parties applying this Regulation shall continue to issue approvals for headlights on the basis of this and any previous series of amendments to this Regulation, provided that the headlights are intended as replacements for fitting to vehicles in use.
shall correspond to the embryo recovery team by which the embryos were retrieved, processed and stored;
Aquaculture products obtained from fry or larvae
Article 128 point 1 and Article 129 CRD
This shows that the authorities retained the right to dispose of the buses.
the strategic environmental assessment shall be completed in Lithuania for the section from Kaunas to the Lithuania/Poland state border;
The latest version of the funding directive can be found on the VRR website: http://www.vrr.de/imperia/md/content/vrrstartseite/finanzierungsrichtlinie.pdf
Member States may also apply these system requirements to new buildings.
sprouts;
The initiation of an operation referred to in Article 38 (5) shall be understood to mean all preparatory operations for the adoption of acts concerning the execution of the budget by the responsible authorising officers mentioned in Articles 33 and 34.
Laboratory testing conditions
Maintenance includes checking for any leaks and ensuring the proper functioning of at least energy devices (e.g., heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, cooling systems, etc.) and water devices (e.g., hydraulic devices, irrigation systems, etc.) on the site.
It is therefore proposed to amend Article 2 of Decree No 2007-958 of 15 May 2007. The purpose of this amendment is to:
Table 6.3
Based on the obligation imposed on the contracting States of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) to meet at least the ICAO standards regarding cargo security, the Commission and the Member States should call upon the authorities in third countries for cooperation, and in cases where it is possible and desirable, provide assistance in building capacity for the implementation of the requirements related to the importation of secure air cargo and mail into the EU.
subparagraphs (vii) and (viii) are replaced by the following:
rotating pin
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 798 / 2004 of 26 April 2004 renewing the restrictive measures in respect of Burma / Myanmar and repealing Regulation ( EC ) No 1081 / 2000 [ 1 ] , and in particular Article 12 thereof ,
‘ interchange fee ’ means a fee for direct debit transactions paid between the payment service provider of the payer and the payment service provider of the payee;
Share of EU industry in the market (private label and retailers) (%)
For the same reason, employment definitions cannot be based on actual data from over 700 Union small and medium producers.
Deviations from further testing for classification and labelling purposes may be permissible when each series of tests leads to a prediction regarding classification in category 1 according to the UN GHS.
Przemysław ILCZUK
In fact, in its letter of 3 June 2013, the GOC reiterated its position, presented in previous submissions, that the commencement of the implementation of several programmes did not meet the requirement of reaching the evidentiary threshold referred to in Article 11 (2) of the WTO Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, and that by starting the implementation of these programmes, the Commission violated the provisions of Article 11 (3) of that agreement.
At the end of Article X of the 1963 Vienna Convention, the following new sentence is added:
A PBE intended for flight crew use is installed in the flight deck and must be easily accessible for immediate use by each required flight crew member at their assigned duty station.
Such a contribution may in particular cover the costs of supporting the training activities of the CSDP and the costs of national experts seconded to the CSDP by the Member States.
Containing 85 % or more by weight of flax
Operator using TAIL NB: N801PN
This Regulation respects the fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, and especially the rights to an effective remedy, to a fair trial and to the protection of personal data.
The Commission considered that the existing tax relief system applies equally to all sectors of the economy, and therefore does not constitute a selective advantage for the fisheries sector, but is a general measure.
This date is later than the "Date of the event" (i.e. the date of occurrence or start of the operational risk event) and the "Date of detection" (i.e. the date when the institution became aware of the operational risk event).
Baggage deposit lockers
provisions on the availability of transport documents in accordance with Article 68 of the Control Regulation;
The Commission shall ensure that the period between the submission of applications and the notification of the assessment results is as short as possible.
offices
The objective of these controls would be to establish whether such products contain horse meat, which is not properly labelled on the packaging or, in the case of non-pre-packaged foodstuffs, is not made available to the consumer or mass caterers.
failure to report corrective actions within the period referred to in Article 17 ( 1 ) ;
Packaging to be used must be exhaustively described and specified in terms of the materials used, manner of construction (e.g. extruded, welded), dimensions and capacity, wall thickness, size of opening, type of closure and seals.
Opinion of the European Parliament of 5 September 2007 ( OJ C 187 E , 24.7.2008 , p . 148 ) , Council Common Position of 7 April 2008 ( OJ C 117 E , 14.5.2008 , p . 1 ) and Position of the European Parliament of 19 June 2008 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
"game" means wild birds hunted for human consumption.
The exporting producer who could not be granted MET also applied for IT in case it was not granted MET.
Sector name
the reasons allowing for early termination of the agreement and the permitted deadlines for termination;
The examination of trends relevant for the assessment of injury covered the period from 2005 to the end of the investigation period ( ‘ period considered ’ ).
In terms of the financial situation, it would result in a lack of recovery of liquidity, which would improve during this period but would remain negative in 2009/2010.
Column D
rogletimide
does not designate any previously recognized financial assets or liabilities to fair value through profit or loss,
Not equipped with 'direct view' or electronic image display;
On behalf of the Council
appointing a French member and two French alternate members of the Committee of the Regions
The review of daminozide revealed a number of open questions which were addressed by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA).
It is implemented on the asset side to release as much capital as possible so that the bank can improve its capital ratio.
KBC can directly convert an absolute value of 10 basis points at a 90% confidence level into a relative value, taking into account an acceptable maximum conversion of the variance estimator's coefficient.
Paragraph 2 of Section 3.2 of the Maritime Guidelines allows only for assistance in the form of reduced contributions for the social protection of EEA seafarers employed on board ships registered in an EEA State.
preambles ,
A secure telecommunications connection is established for the operational work of the contact points of the European Judicial Network.
Another group of consumers whose selection may have been influenced by the granting of subsidies is marginal pay-TV consumers, i.e., those who slightly prefer premium content and who may have been encouraged by promotions and special offers when purchasing that content.
All lights may be placed on movable parts, provided that the conditions specified in points 5.18, 5.19, and 5.20 are met.
VARIOUS EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENTS
polyethylene film
According to the financial regulation, within the thresholds established by the LIFE Regulation, reallocations between priority areas may not exceed 5% of the total allocation for the priority areas concerned.
The exemption is granted on the basis of the results of a review process carried out by technical experts taking into account available evidence from studies, stakeholders, and other scientific/technical sources.
Dilution systems, sample pumps, cooling fans, and the data-collection systems shall be started.
Average import price in EUR / tonne
The Council authorised the Commission to extend the negotiations with Singapore to include investment protection.
act in accordance with the Council Conclusions of 19 March 2012 regarding the Communication on the external dimension of the Common Fisheries Policy;
The tailpipe shall be connected to the full-flow dilution system, if used.
D-Ribono-1,4-lactone
On 31 May 2002, the state guarantee and the term for which the loan was granted were extended until 30 June 2009, and the interest rate was increased by 100 basis points.
Place of birth ( for natural persons )
The Commission also questioned the need to repay the long-term loan over a period of ten years.
Lactido SA
Establishment and submission to the Plenary Assembly of the policy programme of the Presidency at the beginning of its term, and monitoring of its implementation; at the end of its term, submission to the Plenary Assembly of a report on the implementation of its policy programme.
In the case of replacement brake lining assemblies intended for vehicles of category L with a combined braking system as defined in paragraph 2.9 of Regulation No 78, the scope of approval must be limited to the combination(s) of brake lining assemblies on the vehicle's axles, which have been previously tested in accordance with Annex 7 to this regulation.
Based on this information, it is concluded that the imposition of anti-dumping duties would not significantly increase their total production costs and that in any case they have some margin that allows them to absorb these additional costs.
In order to ensure more transparency of information, it is also necessary to provide for the public availability of the list of local suppliers of marine fuel.
N / A This regulatory act is not applicable to this vehicle ( no requirements ).
some (but not all) cash flows of a financial instrument may be designated for cash flow or fair value changes attributable to all or only some types of risk (i.e., "a portion" of the cash flows from the financial instrument may be designated as changes arising from all or only some types of risk).
annual work programmes related to tasks under this Regulation;
keep daily control records on the functioning of the automated classification methods, including any shortcomings identified and actions taken where necessary.
Liechtenstein shall provide for a procedure which allows the beneficial owner as defined in Article 4 to avoid the retention specified in Article 1 by expressly authorising his or her paying agent in Liechtenstein to report the interest payments to the competent authority of that State.
Skin
ANNEX II
Address : 6 Ibn Al-Haythman Street , Manubah , Tunis , Tunisia
‘ inspection ’ means an independent assessment carried out by observation and judgment, accompanied (where appropriate) by measurements, tests or evaluations, and aimed at verifying compliance with the applicable requirements;
Reduction of KNU duty outside the currently applicable tariff quota.
The Commission with the assistance of the EEA.
bis(maleinian) [7-chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-ylmethyl] ammonium
In the case of mineral growing media:
It is necessary to specify what additional actions may be supported by the ERDF under the "European territorial cooperation" objective.
Furthermore, this user argued that the Commission should not take all production costs as a basis for calculating the level that does not cause injury, but rather should consider all costs that an effective and competitive producer of textured electrical sheets would incur.
DATA RETENTION AND MODIFICATION
If the pre-notification contacts do not yield the expected results, the Office may consider the pre-notification stage to be concluded.
Those amounts should be established to ensure that market withdrawals do not become a permanent alternative solution for products compared to placing them on the market and to simultaneously ensure that withdrawals remain an effective instrument for crisis management and prevention.
Date when the surface was laid and contractor;
An entity shall apply those amendments when it applies IFRS 10 and IFRS 12.
It was also established that Ma Gang proposed to compensate the invoiced price of the product concerned by artificially lowering the selling price of the product not subject to anti-dumping measures.
Agreement on Status
District Starost Office in Opole
Artificial interior lighting
the amount of emissions from installations covered by Directive 2003 / 87 / EC in 2005 , adjusted by the amount of greenhouse gas emissions from installations that were included in or excluded from the emissions trading scheme during the period from 2008 to 2012 due to adjustments in scope made by Member States , and the amount of greenhouse gas emissions from installations temporarily excluded in 2005 but not excluded in the years 2008 – 2012 from the emissions trading scheme ,
ADOPTS THIS REGULATION
SAMPLING STAFF
If more than one body segment is required for testing, both are impacted on the same side.
Enabling effective response: Responding may take various forms, from indicating technical measures which may involve at least two entities jointly investigating the technical causes of the incident (e.g. malware analysis), or identifying ways in which these organizations can assess whether they have been harmed (e.g. indicators of compromise), to operational decisions regarding the implementation of such technical measures and, at the political level, deciding on the activation of other instruments, such as EU diplomatic actions in response to malicious cyber activities ("digital diplomacy toolbox") or the EU operational protocol for countering hybrid threats - depending on the incident.
Relevant services exclude mining operations.
Furthermore, HSH Nordbank did not deny that the commission for the guarantee is also due for the period from the contribution of capital until the end of the month in which it was recognised as core capital by BAKred (1 January 1991 - 30 August 1991) at a rate of 0.3% of the amount reported on the balance sheet of DEM 1,306.05 million.
Parts for household or commercial washing machines (including for washer-dryer combinations)
However, the textile material and the elastic plastic material from which the article is made are not capable of supporting the weight of the body while running.
In order to determine the behaviour of the dummy and its displacements, all dynamic tests are registered under the following conditions:
For the first year of repayment, information shall be provided regarding each installment and intermediary totals in each column at the end of that first year.
Family medicine including pediatrics
Opinion 6 / 2007 / EC on data protection issues related to the Consumer Protection Cooperation System ( CPCS ) 01910 / 2007 / EN — WP 130 — adopted on 21 September 2007 , pp. 24 – 26 .
The estimated amount of any potential future obligation is set at the level of sales at reduced prices assessed on the basis of the complaint, i.e., 26 – 37 % ad valorem of the CIF import value of the product covered by the proceedings.
Furthermore, it was established that, contrary to what France initially maintained, CMdR had completed all ongoing work prior to declaring bankruptcy, and the declaration of bankruptcy was primarily caused by a lack of orders (see: recital 44).
12th gear
all periods of insurance, employment or residence completed by such workers in different Member States are aggregated for the purpose of calculating pensions and benefits due to old age, disability and death, as well as for obtaining medical care for such workers and their family members;
'Increase in losses'
The competent authorities shall conduct, as necessary but at least once a year, supervisory stress tests on the institutions they supervise, in order to facilitate the review and supervisory assessment carried out in accordance with Article 97.
The maximum allowable standard deviation for class X (1)
Agricultural cooperatives comprise over 50000 individual members (farmers), approximately 19000 employees, and their annual turnover exceeds NOK 58 billion (approximately EUR 6 billion).
Draft amendments shall be admissible only if they are presented in writing, bear the signatures of at least thirty-seven Members or are tabled on behalf of a political group or committee, specify the budget headings to which they refer, and ensure the maintenance of a balance between revenue and expenditure.
In this case, the responsibility and the procedures leading to the definition of such maintenance activities shall be described.
Are the values of the Tolerable Hazard Rate (THR) for random failures being adhered to?
The format for the transmission of statistical data shall be adopted in accordance with the management procedure referred to in Article 10 (2).
Replies to the questionnaires were received from:
"Small mid-cap companies" means entities employing no more than 499 employees, which are not SMEs.
Turbo-jets or turbo twin-spool engines with a dry thrust > 25 kN
Member States shall ensure that the national regulatory authorities referred to in the first paragraph have separate annual budgets.
AT, BE, BG, CY, CZ, DE, DK, EE, ES, EL, FI, FR, HR, HU, IE, IT, LU, MT, PL, PT, RO, SE, SI, SK, UK: without obligation.
CHAPTER 10 02 —
The exemption from import duties is conditional upon the provision of a guarantee to the competent authority of the Member State in the amount established for each eligible CN code in Annex II.
The Commission closes the procedure initiated on 11 November 2003.
On 29 March 2005, the Commission published the final decision.
‘ maximum load profile ’ means the load profile with the greatest reference energy that a combination heater is able to provide while fulfilling the temperature and flow rate conditions of that load profile ;
In the laboratory, fish tissue in the vial is subjected to complete homogenization using a stomacher, blender, or mortar and pestle with sterile sand, and then placed in the original transport medium.
Due to the stable level of production alongside a slight decrease in production capacity, the capacity utilisation has slightly increased as a result.
The objective of this Directive is to improve the safety of pedestrians and vehicles through measures that ensure passive safety.
Other goods n.e.c.
This system allows for a straightforward procedure while ensuring that costs remain low.
When exercising the powers provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2, the competent authority shall ensure that the members of its staff and, where relevant, any other experts participating in the activities in question are duly authorised.
If no , please note that according to point 72 of the agricultural guidelines, the maximum aid granted in the form of compensation may not exceed the amount mentioned above.
a description of the technical equipment and means available to the economic operator for the purpose of ensuring quality and a description of the available research and scientific facilities;
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 2759 / 75 of 29 October 1975 on the common organisation of the market in pigmeat [ 1 ] , and in particular Articles 2 and 4 ( 6 ) thereof ,
In view of the absence of appropriate instruments of mutual assistance to fight against irregularities and in order to minimise the risk of potential abuses related to the re-import or reintroduction into the Union of out-of-quota sugar, and to prevent such abuses, certain close destinations should be excluded from the eligible destinations.
The active medical implant device category covers the radio part of active implantable medical devices that are intended to be totally or partially introduced, surgically or medically, into the human body or that of an animal, and where applicable their external devices.
Product obtained during hulling of sesame seeds.
Manufacture of made-up textile articles, except apparel
18 Mehrshad Street , Sadaghat St. , Opposite of Mellat Park , Vali Asr Ave . , Tehran 1A001 , Iran .
Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2017/1456
Programme orientation
The average price of imports into the Union from the country concerned in the proceedings was as follows:
Category 8A for underwater equipment .
duty-free admission of waters classified under CN codes 2202 10 00 and ex 2202 90 10 to the territory of the Community
the addition, removal or change of conditions, specifications or restrictions associated with the presence of a given substance on the Community list.
The AOC was also issued without prior verification that the operator held the appropriate approvals for ensuring continuing airworthiness and maintenance.
0.8 where the payment institution provides the payment service listed in point 7 of the Annex ;
Grounds for listing : ( a ) First Deputy , Council of Ministers of the Taliban regime , ( b ) Foreign Minister before Wakil Ahmad Mutawakil under the Taliban regime , ( c ) Governor of Kandahar under the Taliban regime .
The term of office of the President of the Tribunal ended on 19 December 2016.
sodium semduramicin
The relevant auction platform shall promptly inform the Commission of any necessary changes to the auction table.
The funds are intended to cover the Agency's personnel and administrative expenses (titles 1 and 2) as well as its operational expenses (title 3).
The complainants also claimed that there is a risk of further increasing the damage.
Content of the annex to the directive: Exemptions concerning specific quantities; special provisions; use of packaging; use of bulk packaging; documentation; design and testing of packaging; loading, unloading and transshipment; staffing; equipment; operation; vehicles and documentation; design and approval of vehicles.
Commission Decision 2005/64/EC of 26 January 2005 implementing Council Directive 92/65/EEC concerning the import conditions for cats, dogs and ferrets destined for approved bodies, institutes or centres [9] establishes the model veterinary certificate for the import of these animals into the Union intended for bodies, institutes and centres approved in accordance with Directive 92/65/EEC and provides that the import of these animals is permitted from territories or third countries listed in Section B, Part 2 or in Part C of Annex II to Regulation (EC) No 998/2003.
The original medium according to OECD Test Guideline 201, also compliant with ISO 8692;
establishing a prohibition of fishing for cod in I and IIb by vessels flying the flag of Spain
where the entry of a received settlement instruction into the securities settlement system has been delayed or modified or where the settlement instruction itself has been altered outside of automated procedures;
epidemiology
The powers conferred on ESMA or any official of or other person authorised by ESMA by Articles 61 to 63 shall not be used to require the disclosure of information or documents which are subject to legal privilege.
the shares had already been admitted to trading on a regulated market, but were withdrawn from trading on each of the regulated markets on which they had previously been admitted.
Benefit to the United Kingdom
Tracksuits, ski-suits, swimwear and other garments, knitted.
Everything that relates to people or groups of people.
Countries / States concerned ( a ) , code No of competent authorities where applicable ( b ) , specific points of exit or entry ( c )
walsartan
Hospital Services
This generally cast doubt on the credibility of the documents presented.
In brackets the origin of the residue ( ma : maneb ; mz : mancozeb ; me : metiram ; pr : propineb ; t : thiram ; z : ziram ).
The ratio between the photometric value of the test point specified in point 4.3.1.1 and the value of the point specified in point 4.3.1.2 should be measured.
The Commission emphasizes that loyal cooperation, required among various state institutions on issues related to the rule of law, is extremely important in order to find a solution in the current situation.
An alternate who has been appointed rapporteur may participate in the meeting at the Plenary Session if the draft opinion or report he has prepared is on the agenda, and he may present that draft even if the member whom he has been designated to replace is also present at that meeting.
Within six months from the date of entry into force of this regulation, each member state shall send the following information to the other member states and the Commission:
Article 5 ( 2 ) , first subparagraph , fourth indent
The Joint Undertaking shall not be liable for any costs arising after the transfer of ownership of the petascale supercomputer.
Ammonia (or dust) samples are collected over at least six days spread throughout the year.
Operation Procedure for Analyzers and the Sampling System
The modernization/renewal process should take into account the necessity of maintaining compatibility with the existing "Energy" subsystem as well as other subsystems.
For further information, see recitals 61 and 62 of the opening decision.
On 18 April 2016 ,
value of sold production, with sub-totals for product groups in the first, second, third, fourth and fifth years of the transition period.
Introduction of additional restrictions on expenditures for goods and services and reduction of subsidies for public enterprises;
provide evidence of admission to secondary education institution;
Puma yagouaroundi ( I ) ( Only the populations of Central and North America ; all other populations are included in Annex B )
Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1299 / 2008 [ 2 ] fixes the guide prices for the 2009 fishing year for all the products concerned .
The report on transfer pricing did not disclose or analyze the assumptions on which the management forecasts were based.
The quantity of the material .
Value of transferable deposits [ 21 ]
Indicate the quantity of animal by-products / derived products (volume or mass) (4) (5):
The apparatus is equipped with a hexagonal-shaped probe of a maximum width of 12 millimetres (19 millimetres at the tip of the probe), containing a viewing window and a light source, a sliding cylinder calibrated in millimetres, and having a measurement range between 3 and 45 millimetres.
amending for the forty-sixth time the Procedural and Substantive Rules in the Field of State Aid by introducing a new Chapter 26A: Multisectoral framework on regional aid for large investment projects
This set of usage conditions applies only to road toll collection devices.
Characteristics of the monitor display
O-u recoveries before determined costs Year 2009
Woven fabrics of hair, not cut.
This BEMP is directly applicable to large tour operators.
For mosaic floors
Navigation, medium-term ahead
Butter:
Chairperson
The specific cases set out below should be read in conjunction with the relevant sections of Chapter 4 and / or specifications referenced there.
Iran Air presented its corrective action plan which it developed on the basis of the observations resulting from the Union on-site assessment visit in May 2016.
Fourth, if the choice of the enterprise entrusted with the execution of obligations to provide public services has not been made in the context of a public procurement procedure that allows for the selection of a candidate capable of providing those services at the lowest cost to the community, the level of necessary compensation should be established based on a cost analysis of what an average enterprise, properly managed and equipped with appropriate means of transport to meet the demands of public services, would incur to fulfill such obligations, taking into account the related revenues and a reasonable profit achieved in fulfilling those obligations.
In order to achieve a uniform application of the requirements for restructuring or liquidation within the Union and to ensure compliance with the prudential requirements, however, it is necessary to limit the freedom in developing such scenarios through well-defined criteria.
The reference and discount rates announced by the Commission are applied as a proxy for the market rate to measure the aid element, in particular when it is disbursed in several instalments, and to calculate the aid element resulting from interest subsidy schemes [ 79 ].
'Own-account transport operations' means operations carried out for non-commercial and non-profit-making purposes by a natural or legal person, whereby:
Payment requests shall be submitted in such a way that they are received by the Member State within 45 days following the end of the restriction period.
The Commission shall organise an exchange of information between Member States and the relevant industrial sectors on best available techniques, associated monitoring and developments in this area.
Sodium sulfate
With regard to the rights of access to legal counsel in the Member State executing the order, the person subject to the order shall have the following rights in that Member State:
Issue
Quicklime
This law should not preclude a creditor from submitting a new application for a Preservation Order based on new facts or evidence.
Operator using TAIL NB: N916LX
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 544/2011 of 10 June 2011 implementing Regulation ( EC ) No 1107/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards data requirements for active substances.
East Timor
ZDF bouquet
Imports from all other countries are made at prices very similar to those of the Community industry.
An operator wishing to conduct operations according to subparagraph ( i ) must have the prior approval of the Authority issuing the AOC.
Maintenance and service equipment is designed for installation without further substantial support from the supplier ; and
( 2S , 3S ) -2,3-bis ( benzoyloxymethyl ) cyclobutanol
None of these importers, however, responded to the questions in the questionnaire, as described below in paragraph 19.
Having regard to Council Decision 2006 / 106 / EC of 30 January 2006 on the conclusion of an Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Community and Australia pursuant to Article XXIV.6 and Article XXVIII of GATT 1994 relating to the modification of concessions in the schedules of the Czech Republic, the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Malta, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic in the course of their accession to the European Union [ 1 ], and in particular Article 2 thereof,
The institution assesses whether a given transaction constitutes additional exposure in accordance with Article 7.
Wire made of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or of copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silver)
Environmental awareness can be achieved through training or other activities, such as communication campaigns, research, etc.
Common Position 2006 / 795 / CFSP is amended as follows :
Samples exceeding that level were most often taken from fishery products.
This report contains recommendations for the Member States and is submitted to the forum.
( Reference : Articles 27 ( 1 ) and 96 ( 2 ) point ( a ) of the first subparagraph of Regulation ( EU ) No 1303 / 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ) [ 2 ] 1.1 .
Source: Company's annual accounts.
The claim that the Commission did not meet the required standards with regard to specificity has therefore been rejected.
However, for the remaining 75% of the market share, including certain products intended for human consumption, both natural and synthetic AC may be used, and therefore they are competitive with each other.
Therefore, Germany commits to clarify to each user that the use of the center's services may contain elements of aid assessed as de minimis aid subject to Regulation ( EC ) No 69 / 2001.
Elderflower berries
The Commission rejected this statement.
Liling Minghui Ceramic Factory
Taking into account the expected changes mentioned above, and considering that other major steel producing countries have implemented similar monitoring systems or extended their operation until 2009, it is appropriate for the aforementioned system to continue to operate by exception until 31 December 2009.
In the case where Member States attribute the same importance to all criteria selected at national level, a value of one (1) is associated with each of them.
Employment in relation to the product concerned fell by 6 % from 1269 in 2000 to 1193 in 2003. In 2001, there was a reduction in employment, in 2002 it partially returned to the previous level, and it remained unchanged in 2003.
After the new share issue, the capital increased by EUR 340 million and amounted to EUR 783.8 million. The price per share was EUR 2500 in relation to the existing core capital, while the new shares were issued at a price of EUR 1464 per share.
In paragraph 2, the first sentence is replaced by the following :
International debt securities issued in global bearer form on 1 January 2007 or later through the ICSDs Euroclear Bank (Belgium) and Clearstream Banking Luxembourg must, in order to be eligible, be issued in the form of new global notes and must be deposited with a common safekeeper which is an ICSD or, where applicable, a CSD that meets the minimum standards established by the ECB.
is the actual cycle work on the warm start test , kWh
Upon receiving information about the applications, the Hellenic Register of Shipping implemented a corrective action plan.
Both companies claimed that their production facilities in Indonesia and the relevant related trading companies in Singapore constitute a single economic entity and that the trading companies in a third country operate as the export division of the related companies in Indonesia.
Freshwater fishery products
IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements
Solid rocket propulsion systems meeting any of the following criteria:
Similarly, the SIDE company in its opinion of 6 January 1997 emphasized that "even assuming that the concept of small orders has economic significance, it soon became evident that the CELF cooperative did not limit its activities solely to this area, which was allegedly unprofitable."
It is desirable for the Agency to assist the Commission and the Member States in the field of international relations, including the harmonization of regulations, official recognition of approvals, and technical cooperation, and to be empowered to undertake necessary contacts with the aviation authorities of third countries and international organizations competent in matters covered by this Regulation.
Charging station
Those draft regulatory technical standards shall specify the methods, means, and details regarding cooperation in the notification of payment institutions operating on a cross-border basis, and in particular, the scope and treatment of the submitted information, including common terminology and standard notification templates, to ensure a consistent and effective notification procedure.
Member States and Europol shall provide the Management Authority and the Commission with the information necessary to draft the reports referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4.
Multi-storey onion
In Annex II A , B and C , fourteenth indent , ‘ in Polish : ’
Germany provided the relevant explanations from the company Deutsche Post on 26 March 2009, 7 May 2009, and 22 June 2009.
Ministry of Regional Development and EU Funds
Remarks on the reliability of accounts.
Utilization of grip
On 10 November 2008.
Dimethyl phosphate (phosphoryl dimethyl)
Molded trays and cartons for packing eggs
the operational risk measurement system is regularly updated and developed as new experiences are gained and more advanced methods of managing and quantifying operational risk are established ;
the Isofix or i-Size position concerned has the same structural characteristics as the Isofix or i-Size position of other seats or group of seats; and
AMENDMENTS TO DIRECTIVE 2002 / 87 / EC
‘Croatian’
The Commission determines, by means of implementing acts, the technical specifications of the ETIAS alert list and the assessment tools.
the provisions amending Annex IV to include the UN ECE regulations, which become binding in accordance with Article 4 ( 4 ) of Decision 97 / 836 / EC.
the level of detail and complexity, as appropriate, of the monitoring plan approved by the competent authority or the monitoring methodology plan;
In addition to international conventions and treaties, some member states have concluded bilateral agreements regarding the provision of technical assistance.
Therefore, these three applications have been dismissed.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 920 / 2009
Areas at risk (e.g. wetlands, particularly in relation to high-density poultry populations), previous positive results.
The fishing quota allocated to the Member State referred to in the Annex to this Regulation for the stock referred to therein for 2009 shall be deemed to be exhausted from the date set out in that Annex.
Importers shall indicate on the pyrotechnic article their name, registered trade name or registered trade mark and the postal address at which they can be contacted or, where that is not possible, on its packaging or in a document accompanying the pyrotechnic article.
The sum of own funds – transitional definition
Sewing thread of man-made staple fibres, p.r.s.
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 240 (2) thereof,
identification of serious accident hazards,
Annex I to this Regulation provides for 29244 tonnes of common wheat held by the Hungarian intervention agency.
Monreales and satsumas
ATM cash transaction
The braking force of the front brakes must be limited to prevent loss of control of the bicycle due to locking wheels.
The Commission and the Member States shall take action to ensure the effectiveness of the Fund and shall carry out their respective roles in relation to the Fund with the aim of reducing the administrative burden on beneficiaries.
Supporting sustainable use of resources
The accountant shall exercise due diligence to ensure the collection of the Union's revenues and the safeguarding of its rights.
The distribution of rearing systems in the barn / pasturing and the rearing period in the barn / pasturing
For fishing vessels flying their flag, Member States shall ensure that when the antenna of the satellite positioning device is mounted separately from the physical housing, a single common antenna is used for both the decoder and the satellite navigation transmitter, and that the physical housing is connected to the antenna using a single continuous cable.
amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1222 / 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council in respect of the classification of tyres regarding wet grip, rolling resistance measurements, and the verification procedure
EFSA Panel on Genetically Modified Organisms (EFSA GMO Panel), 2015.
Inland ECDIS technical specification
Mixture of isomers of nonafluorobutyl methyl ether or nonafluorobutyl ethyl ether, of a purity by weight of 99% or more
Physical environment
Domestic sales of a particular type of SWR were considered sufficiently representative when the total domestic sales volume of that type during the IP represented 5 % or more of the total sales volume of the comparable type of SWR exported to the Community.
if, on the contrary, the aforementioned profit reaches a very high level, with an IRR exceeding 25%, this is still a better situation than the target set by Fintecna as the investor, and a partial redistribution will not lead to a reduction of the company's profit below the established amount.
Significantly, six Thai enterprises, two Indonesian enterprises, and one Indian enterprise reported total sales (domestic and export) below 8 million pairs (i.e., less than 5% of the exports subject to the investigation), while eight cooperating Brazilian enterprises reported total sales above 40 million pairs, with more than 18 million attributable solely to 3 enterprises whose data were used.
Article 35 ( 6 ) , second subparagraph , point ( b ) , third indent
Torben MELCHIOR
there is other evidence of chronic toxicity classified as : STOT RE 1 or STOT RE 2 according to the provisions of Regulation EC No 1272 / 2008 .
This procedure should be managed by Eurostat, and its scope should be limited to subjects upon which there is mutual agreement between the Commission services concerned and Eurostat.
At the appropriate time, information should be provided about the differences between estimated costs and collected resources.
In cases where the aid was granted without notification, the mere delay by the Commission in ordering the recovery of that aid is not in itself sufficient to result in the unlawfulness of the recovery decision in light of the principle of legal certainty.
Fiducia information management
Thirdly, the demand for restitution would be contrary to the principle of proportionality.
A dependant is deemed to be disabled if it is established by medical evidence that he is suffering from a serious and permanent disability necessitating either special care or supervision or special education or training.
are only moved from their holding under official supervision and for the purpose of destruction;
The minutes of the agreement should also include an express authorisation for the Commission or its representatives to carry out checks and on-the-spot inspections.
As stated in the decision to initiate the procedure, aid measures not applicable after accession cannot be examined by the Commission under the procedures laid down in Article 88 of the EC Treaty.
The costs of unloading shall be borne by the business entity.
Thirdly, institutions shall assign the items arising from the expansion of the regulatory scope balance sheet mentioned in point 4 to the items included in the transitional disclosure template or the own funds disclosure template.
MacGregor Duncan
Identifier of a larger work data set.
Moreover, this statement was incorrect, as the investigation showed that almost all of the injury indicators recorded negative trends during the period considered.
The first and third quartiles are calculated by first weighting the values of the contracts in this category by the institutions at the layer.
In accordance with Article 24 of Regulation ( EC ) No 715 / 2009, national regulatory authorities ensure compliance with these guidelines.
Technical assistance includes, in particular, training for scientific, legal, and technical personnel, as well as the acquisition, usage, and production by these countries of appropriate equipment on favorable terms agreed upon between the parties concerned.
Annex V to Regulation ( EC ) No 1898 / 2006 is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation .
The measures provided for in this regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Permanent Committee on Plants, Animals, Food and Feed.
Initial guarantee amount less cancellations, but not less utilization.
The Commission also notes that the statistical data were established in reference to 2003 and have since been updated annually according to an index in accordance with Annex 9 to the Financing Guidelines, as well as in accordance with volume increases / decreases and structural changes.
Adaptation of the Annexes and recommendations regarding provisional certificates.
Given the price drops in 2015 and 2016, this can be explained as follows: if a producer or trading company expects prices to rise, it typically quickly accumulates stocks, anticipating that it will achieve proportionately greater profits when prices increase.
Vehicles used for the transportation of processed animal proteins and feedingstuffs.
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 547/2012 of 25 June 2012 implementing Directive 2009/125/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to ecodesign requirements for water pumps [ 1 ] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement .
APPENDIX 3
Geographic and timing restrictions
Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2015/1537
the suppliers must submit their tenders in writing within the time limit set by the ECB, and
The EGC is convinced that the Commission's interpretation regarding the possibility of benefiting from the guarantee after accession, as stated in the decision initiating the procedure, is too narrow.
Therefore, this regulation should not apply to the trade in traditional self-defense equipment, such as shields.
Ambitious implementation by Member States of structural reforms regarding product markets, labor markets, social welfare systems, and pension systems is crucial for strengthening and sustaining economic recovery, ensuring the stability of public finances, improving competitiveness, preventing harmful macroeconomic imbalances, and correcting them, as well as for unlocking the potential of the Union's economies.
Secondly, measures were necessary to be allocated by the authorities to guarantee this public interest.
This Decision shall enter into force on 27 March 2017 .
Annex II is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation.
In order to ensure a smooth transition from the system of national authorizations to the list of control bodies and control authorities competent to carry out controls and issue certificates in third countries for the purpose of equivalence, this Regulation should apply from 1 July 2012.
It is part of the certification process regarding safety and ongoing supervision conducted by the national security authority.
Korean enterprise Korea National Insurance Corporation (KNIC) and its subsidiaries (also known as Korea Foreign Insurance Company)
Carry out a pressure test to check the tightness of the system.
This commitment also contributes to ensuring that the medium-term profitability of the PBB is self-sustaining and no longer relies on income from fees related to the transfer of lower quality assets.
Institutions may calculate own funds requirements for position risk, including specific and general risk, for positions in collective investment undertakings in relation to positions that replicate the structure and performance of an externally generated index or a defined basket of equity or debt securities referred to in point (a), provided that the following conditions are met:
In this context, it was concluded that given the negligible incidence of the cost of SWR on the user industries and the existence of other available sources of supply, the measures in force do not have a significant effect on the user industry.
in Annex T, point T.1.1 "Introduction", the first paragraph is replaced by the following:
In order to assess the significance of calculating statistical value, Member States shall report :
Currently, these restrictions apply exclusively to services within the EEA.
Fourthly, the provision of the UOIG was entrusted to companies selected in an open, non-discriminatory bidding process conducted on a competitive basis for the conclusion of the KDT.
Provision of operating assets and investments;
Cooperation in the field of competition policy
In cases where a direct exemption applies in the Member State where the supply of goods or services takes place, the supplier of goods or the service provider is required to obtain from the purchaser of the goods or the recipient of the services the certificate referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article, retaining it as documentation for accounting purposes.
is not in any of the situations of exclusion listed in Articles 93 and 94 of the Financial Regulation.
Food container (foodtainer)
Examples of these vehicles include traveling libraries, churches, and hospitals.
Unwrought unalloyed refined copper ( excluding rolled, extruded or forged sintered products )
Exclusive licenses between non-competing entities – to the extent covered by Article 53 (1) [65] – presumably satisfy the conditions laid down in Article 53 (3).
authorisations for plant protection products containing trifluralin are withdrawn by 20 March 2008 ;
The characteristic taste of ‘Amarene Brusche di Modena jam’ PGI is distinguished by a proper balance between sweet and tart flavors with a hint of acidity.
The completion of the additional training shall be entered in the logbook and signed by the instructor.
Professional football clubs conduct business on several markets other than the market related to participation in football competitions and having an international dimension, such as the market for the transfer of professional players, advertising, sponsorship, merchandising, or media relations.
UNSC Resolution 2339 (2017) provides for certain amendments regarding exemptions from the arms embargo and the criteria for listing persons and entities subject to sanctions.
Operating surplus / mixed income
The investment fund operating as a collective investment scheme in transferable securities
In the specific context of intellectual property rights, an additional factor in assessing whether the parties are potential competitors in a given market is the possibility that their intellectual property rights are blocking, meaning that the licensee cannot enter the market without infringing on another party's intellectual property rights.
Pesticide residues [ 2 ] [ 12 ]
"Range of control refers to an output variable and defines the range above which the system is likely to take control."
Unknown ( latest known flags : Togo , Ghana )
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 2368 / 2002 of 20 December 2002 implementing the Kimberley Process certification scheme for the international trade in rough diamonds [ 1 ] , as last amended by Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1038 / 2007 [ 2 ] , and in particular Article 19 thereof ,
DEFINING THE GOALS OF THE ORGANISATION ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT STUDY
See: Joined Cases C-395/96 P and C-396/96 P, Compagnie Maritime Belge, [2000] Rec. I-1365, para 130, and para 106 of the unpublished EFTA Surveillance Authority Guidelines on the application of Article 53 (3) of the EEA Agreement.
Carboxymethyl cellulose, sodium, enzymatically hydrolysed
Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999 / 468 / EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.
They do not affect the strategic criteria for sampling as established by Commission Decision 98 / 179 / EC of 23 February 1998 laying down detailed rules on sampling for the monitoring of certain substances and their residues in live animals and animal products [ 5 ].
Appendix 3C – Attestation with regard to paragraph 3.2.9
Benefits
To avoid sudden increases in acrylamide levels, food business operators monitor temperature, cooking time, and feed-rate of the raw material.
Stresses that within the internal organization of the Commission, chaired by Jean-Claude Juncker, it should be taken into account that the Union's strategy for economic growth and jobs is not based on the activities of individual DGs but encompasses seven cross-cutting flagship initiatives which are implemented each time by several Directorates-General; insists that the related need for coordination and cooperation within the Commission should not lead to the emergence of new forms of bureaucracy and administrative burdens.
The Commission informed Laiwu Taihe of its conclusions and gave it the opportunity to comment.
stable operating equipment and competent staff, thanks to prior support for establishing local capabilities to provide equipment, repair malfunctioning equipment or replace damaged components,
The EUTM Mali mission should have a project cell that will manage projects supporting the mission's objectives.
Indicates the limit of measurability.
The export license was granted only to five enterprises, namely China National Coal Group Corporation, China Minmetals Corporation, and Shanxi Coal Import and Export Group Co.
(CZ) Czech Republic
In the directions for use of the additive and premixture, indicate the storage temperature, storage life, and stability to pelleting.
This will result in the creation of approximately 9,870 indirect jobs.
Buildings and related expenditure of the Foreign policy instruments policy area in Union delegations
Windshields made of laminated safety glass
Environmental training services
Dissolve the powder by shaking for five minutes or for thirty minutes in the case of acid buttermilk, using a mechanical shaker (6.3).
It can therefore be concluded that the circumstances under which the dumping margin was calculated in this investigation are of a lasting nature.
Mattresses
Device submitted for approval on …
