The applicant argued that the scope of the product should be clarified in relation to the ductile iron manhole covers, and in particular, whether this type of manhole cover should fall within the scope of the definition of the product concerned.
The investment firm shall inform the client or potential client that the financial instruments or funds of that client may be held by a third party on behalf of the investment firm and of the responsibility of the investment firm under the applicable national law for any acts or omissions of the third party and the consequences for the client of the insolvency of the third party.
Rule 82 is amended as follows :
antimony trioxide
The Court of Auditors did not provide any observations regarding the recruitment procedures of the Agency.
In this situation, the location of production units is often determined by the market demand for ethylene.
Economic situation of the Union industry
In relation to the partnership agreement and each program, the Member State shall organise, in accordance with its institutional and legal framework, a partnership with the relevant regional and local institutions.
the volume of profitable sales of this product type represents no more than 80 % of the total sales volume of this type.
The information provided in the replies to the questionnaire also indicates that a large number of people are employed in the Union user industry.
Service brake performance in the case of category O4 (2)
Annex 11 – Example of the pictogram to be marked on both tyre sidewalls to indicate the maximum inflation pressure not to be exceeded for bead seating during tyre mounting.
Electric instantaneous or storage water heaters and immersion heaters:
Having regard to the joint proposal from the European Commission and the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy,
The plan anticipates a division of tasks between both facilities and a new material flow scheme.
Eligible substances
Chlorocresol
to Commission Regulation of 2 August 2004 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables
Peroxyoctanoic acid
G. Air flow meter
Other articles of natural cork
Basking shark ( Cetorhinus maximus ) ,
processed animal protein derived from non-mammalian sources
Other tiles and paving
Tariff suspensions for products identified by TARIC codes 2903399020, 2932298575, 2933199010, 2933399970, 3920621961, and 3920621963 shall be closed with effect from 1 January 2008.
Quantity ( in ozone depleting potential ( ODP ), in kg )
For this purpose, the coordinating institutions shall notify the Court of Auditors, within the time limits and following the procedures laid down by it, of the amount of claims reported, settled, or contested (creditor's side) and of the amount of claims received, settled, or contested (debtor's side).
If it is being signed, it MUST be signed by the Scheme Operator in accordance with the same signature specification as in the implementation of the trusted list TSL.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 33 / 2009
In cases where the sampling is done in a static way, the same procedure as foreseen for storage facilities (silos) accessible from above (see point 8.4.1) has to be applied.
Since the adoption of the last amending act to Directive 96/98/EC, a number of amendments to the international conventions and applicable testing standards have entered into force.
Other loan and credit granting services by financial institutions
Method of production conventional / organic ( as detailed as possible )
If one Party publishes a work containing technical or scientific data, information, and results obtained from activities undertaken under this Agreement, in newspapers and journals, articles, reports, and books, including audiovisual works and software, the other Party is granted a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, and royalty-free license to translate, adapt, transmit, and publicly distribute such data, information, and technical or scientific results, unless existing intellectual property rights belonging to third parties prohibit it;
Where possible the left foot shall be located approximately the same distance to the left of the centreplane of the 3-D H machine as the right foot is to the right.
the investor would take the risk of lending to an airport that has not obtained an operating licence since the beginning of its operations.
Junction Field Effect Transistors (JFETs)
Of ductile iron
non-standard miscellaneous devices and components as defined in paragraph 2.5 .
10 % of the targeted species.
Implementation functions
This appropriation is intended to cover any adjustments to salary levels that may be decided by the Council during the budget year.
dichlorvos
The existence of a significant amount of unused capacity can, however, be explained by the fact that the company significantly increased its capacities between 2006 and the CP.
STATEMENTS
This annex contains additional instructions regarding the tables included in Annex VI to this regulation.
provides system users with the information they need for effective access to the system.
In implementing this Regulation, financial support should be provided for the implementation of the European strategy for a better internet for children at the Union level, as well as at the level of the Member States, particularly with regard to safer internet centres in the Member States.
In the light of the above considerations, the Commission considers that the financing of this system through compulsory voluntary levies raises no concerns, as they are applied to domestic products as well as to products and animals exported (in this case, "meat levies" from 1996 to 2004).
Another nine companies contacted Akershus on their own initiative.
Article 20 Aid for early adaptation of small and medium-sized enterprises to future Community standards
In accordance with Article 21 and Article 183 (2) of the Financial Regulation, any revenue entered in Items 6 2 2 3 and 6 2 2 6 of the statement of revenue may give rise to the provision of additional appropriations.
Internet connection : DSL ,
Suitable for printing with ultraviolet (UV) inks, which appear under special UV lamps.
In the case of both companies, it was found that the weighted average selling price with respect to all sales during the OD was higher than the weighted average unit cost of production.
Article 21 Description of management and control systems
The test report must include the requirements stipulated in the protocol, including a justification for the test system used, and should comprise the following:
Having regard to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1301 / 2006 of 31 August 2006 laying down common rules for the administration of import tariff quotas for agricultural products managed by a system of import licences [ 2 ] , and in particular Article 7 ( 2 ) thereof ,
cucurbits with inedible skin
Rubber and plastics hoses – Hose sizes, minimum and maximum inside diameters, and tolerances on cut-to-length hoses.
If Directive 2009/28/EC does not apply in the country where the flooring is produced, equivalent evidence must be provided.
Since any approval under this Regulation is granted, pursuant to paragraph 8.1 above, for a type of headlamp emitting either colourless light or selective-yellow light, article 3 of the Agreement to which this Regulation is annexed shall not prevent the Contracting Parties from prohibiting headlamps emitting a beam of uncoloured or selective-yellow light on vehicles registered by them.
It was argued that these companies submitted non-confidential replies to the deficiency letter a few days after the established deadline.
ANNEX VI
This Decision shall apply from 1 May 2015.
public transport service contracts negotiated by the competent public authorities and the carrier on a direct basis without prior tendering.
Opinion of 15 September 2016 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
Regular transport
ZONES IN THE UNITED KINGDOM , THE CHANNEL ISLANDS AND THE ISLE OF MAN APPROVED WITH REGARD TO VHS AND IHN
The Commission shall inform the European Parliament and maintain regular exchanges of views with it.
On 1 June 2010, the Commission imposed by Regulation ( EU ) No 472 / 2010 [ 3 ] ( the provisional Regulation ) a provisional anti-dumping duty on imports of a certain type of polyethylene terephthalate originating in Iran and the United Arab Emirates.
Member States shall notify the Commission of the introduction or withdrawal of the requirement for consultation before it becomes applicable.
Col Thaung Tin
The amount of the applicant's possible future liabilities cannot be estimated at this stage of the proceeding.
Indeed, the prices did not allow for the recovery of production costs, and the incurred losses amounted to -18% of turnover.
Category 1 carcinogen
In doing so, the Authority must apply the market economy investor test [ 80 ], which in essence provides that state aid is granted whenever the state makes financial resources available to an undertaking that would not normally be provided by a private investor applying typical economic criteria and disregarding other considerations of a social, political, and philanthropic nature [ 81 ].
Part of the finishing work was previously handed over to the steel structure installation enterprise in [ ... ], which produced bow sections of the hull for the shipyard Rolandwerft.
Total mass flow rate m_dot kg/h or kg/s
Parameters and settings
in Annex III , point 2 letter b) is replaced by the following :
Airport building construction work
of which : market related expenditure and direct payments
The applicable laws of the jurisdiction of residence of the NFE (a member state, Switzerland, or another jurisdiction) or its founding documents require that, in the event of liquidation or dissolution of the NFE, all its assets must be transferred to a governmental entity or another non-profit organization, or be distributed to the government of the jurisdiction of residence of the NFE (a member state, Switzerland, or another jurisdiction) or to any lower-tier territorial units of that jurisdiction.
Of a fat content, by weight, exceeding 21 % but not exceeding 39 % :
Escalators
These detailed classifications have been grouped in the first level classification provided below.
in the case of a legal person that is not a taxpayer, the place referred to in Article 13a (a) of this Regulation, unless there is evidence that the service is used at the place referred to in point (b) of that Article;
Procurement principles and contracts divided into lots
Having regard to Council Directive 2000 / 75 / EC of 20 November 2000 laying down specific provisions for the control and eradication of bluetongue [ 1 ] , and in particular Article 9 ( 2 ) thereof ,
As a consequence, if the employee does not meet vesting conditions other than a market condition, resulting in no vesting of the equity instruments granted by the parent, no amount is recognized for the services rendered by that employee in the financial statements of any of the subsidiaries.
Sarepska mustard
The payment of a Community financial contribution towards emergency measures to combat swine vesicular disease is subject to the rules laid down in Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 349 / 2005 of 28 February 2005 laying down rules on the Community financing of emergency measures and of the campaign to combat certain animal diseases under Council Decision 90 / 424 / EEC [ 3 ].
In the section "Basic criteria for recognizing the technical condition as unsatisfactory," examples of defects that can be detected have been provided.
For existing installations
Loads on the pubic symphysis.
It should be noted that this market analysis covers a range of products that is broader than the scope of the product under investigation, as it also includes plastic dishes, wooden, glass, metal products, and cutlery.
Council Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 of 22 October 2007 on the common organization of agricultural markets and on specific provisions for certain agricultural products (OJ L 299, 16.11.2007, p. 1).
Ms Ileana Viorica ION
Conducting operations for at least 10 days.
These recommendations shall be adapted to the type of product in question and field of application in question and may take the form of drawings if appropriate.
Such data shall be transmitted directly to a single data set established for this purpose by the Commission.
Planned duration of the investment implementation
The methods of making this assessment have been made available to the parties.
CONTENTS OF NATIONAL CONTROL PROGRAMMES AS REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE 12
EFSA Journal 2012
Latvia
Annex II is replaced by the text set out in Annex II to this Decision.
iodinated iomeprol
Guaiacol butyrate
Market share – Norway ( %)
Each sample was analysed twice.
Relay:
For use in compound feed rich in non-starch polysaccharides ( mainly arabino-xylans and beta-glucans ) , e.g. containing more than 40 % wheat .
Fineness determined by wet sieving after disintegration in water :
on the closure of the accounts of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction for the financial year 2005
The Competent Body has confirmed based on the material evidence received that there is no evidence of breach of legal requirements relating to the environment.
If necessary for proper dissolution, small amounts of water-miscible solvents (such as acetonitrile, acetone, ethanol) may be used to introduce and distribute the test substance, but this amount should normally not exceed 1% by volume. If higher concentrations of solvents are considered (e.g., for poorly soluble test substances), this is permissible only if it can be demonstrated that the solvent does not affect the hydrolysis of the test substances.
"Kaki Ribera del Xúquer"
The second objective is to encourage companies to continue investing, particularly in a sustainable growth economy.
In order to ensure greater transparency and effectiveness of the political and administrative actions of Parliament, it is recommended that all agendas and minutes of meetings, as well as decisions made by the decision-making bodies of Parliament, be promptly and widely made available to Members, Parliament staff, and the public; recalls that the former Committee on Rules provided a useful forum for discussion and served for transparent and public improvement of both the regulatory process and the internal affairs of Parliament; in this regard, it recommends the establishment of a neutral Committee on Rules and Internal Affairs that would deal with all these matters, which would then be approved at a plenary session of Parliament.
Disinfectants based on quaternary ammonium salts put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as preparations or articles.
Article 2 of the decree of 1995 states: "As of 31 December 2005, the conditions for subsidies laid down in the CIP [Interministerial Price Commission] Regulation No 13 of 24 July 1992 and subsequent amendments applicable to the supply [of electricity] for the production of aluminum by establishments existing at the time of the entry into force of this decree shall be abolished."
A dispute concerning matters regulated by these Guidelines, which cannot be resolved by agreement between the affected parties, may be submitted by any of the concerned parties to the Governing Council for resolution.
However, imports from Russia were made at dumped prices, causing an undercutting of the prices charged by the Union industry, and furthermore coincided in time with the deterioration of the situation of that industry.
Content of the Annex to the Directive: Provisions on the use of tank-containers.
Points 374 ( NORWAY SLOVENIA — ) to 378 ( NORWAY UNITED KINGDOM — ) shall be renumbered as points 431 to 435.
Section 2 – International agreements
Subsequently, Belgium demonstrated that IFB reduced its handling capacity from 1.5 million TEU in 2002 to 1.1 million TEU at the end of 2005. The Commission finds that this reduction in capacity constitutes a significant mitigating measure.
Deferral of fee until 31 December 2004
It has appeared from the various examinations made that plant protection products containing the active substances concerned may be expected to satisfy, in general, the requirements laid down in Article 5 (1) (a) and (b) and Article 5 (3) of Directive 91/414/EEC, in particular with regard to the uses which were examined and detailed in the Commission review report.
Off-balance sheet items of moderate risk under the standard method – nominal value
This Agreement shall cease to be in force six months after the date of receipt of such notification.
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 215 thereof,
In the field of state aid, however, there may be types of confidential information that do not necessarily exist in the context of antitrust and merger procedures, particularly relating to state secrets or other confidential information regarding the organizational activities of the state.
On the same side, thin bamboo strips run horizontally across the entire width, at intervals of approximately 4 cm.
the competent authorities of the Member State where the units or shares of the non-EU AIF are to be marketed, and in so far as it is not the home Member State of the AIFM, have entered into written arrangements regarding cooperation and the exchange of information with the competent authorities of the depositary;
Directive 2001/82/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to veterinary medicinal products
parts of the Baltic Sea and the Belts located to the south and east of the lines drawn from Hasenore Head to Gniben Point, from Korshage to Spodsbjerg and from Gilbjerg Head to Kullen, and
Article 4 Principles
Where the Council decides to subject a natural or legal person, entity or body to the measures referred to in Article 16 (2), it shall amend Annex VIII accordingly.
a detailed description of any variants of the preferred resolution strategy that could be applied if it turns out that the implementation of the preferred strategy is not feasible;
In duly justified cases, a deviation from the principle regarding the publication of members' names may be permitted.
Member States shall take appropriate measures in the event of failure to provide such information.
a list of variables not exceeding 20 variables to be transmitted to the Commission ( Eurostat ) and the corresponding units of measurement;
Regulation ( EU ) No 153 / 2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council
The fourth challenge is to enable active participation in social life for elderly people (over 65 years old), unemployed and poorly educated individuals, migrants, those in need of care, people living in remote or poorer regions, as well as disabled and homeless individuals.
Metallic pipe components with resilient and elastomeric seals :
The TFEU also introduced certain changes in terminology, such as the replacement of 'Community' by 'Union', 'common market' by 'internal market', and 'Court of First Instance' by 'Court'.
Column 1 : Article 2 of Commission Directive 2014 / 93 / EU [ 2 ] may apply .
If the Commission has decided that none of the requests for authorization should be granted, pursuant to Article 3 (2) a new round of issuing authorizations under this Regulation shall be conducted in accordance with the following provisions:
I HEREBY TAKE THIS DECISION:
Operations following processing under contract ( no transfer of ownership to the processor )
Recommended dose per kilogram of complete feed:
Support for the establishment of short supply chains, as referred to in Article 35(2)(d) of Regulation (EU) No 1305/2013, shall cover only supply chains involving no more than one intermediary between farmer and consumer.
Member States may extend provisional authorisations for plant protection products containing novaluron for a period not exceeding 24 months from the date of adoption of this Decision.
grants to finance the purchase of equipment to be used by specialised anti-counterfeiting authorities.
Document reference number
Competent authorities shall perform the following tasks :
Normal section sizes
amending and correcting Regulation ( EC ) No 795 / 2004 laying down detailed rules for the implementation of the single payment scheme provided for in Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1782 / 2003
ELISA plate reader (the test results can be read visually).
It is important for Sweden to adopt further regulatory measures to enhance competition, particularly in services; to focus on the implementation and assessment of the recently introduced reforms aimed at increasing work incentives; to combat youth unemployment; to raise the employment level among immigrants; and to ensure the reintegration of those on long-term sick leave back into the labor market.
Bulk current injection testing
Import function
Reference tyre
However, the authorities of Iceland implemented the notified measures before the Authority had taken a final decision in this matter.
Mergers, divisions and reorganisations
The MONUSCO vehicle was attacked with grenades 10 km from Mavivi airport in Beni, resulting in five peacekeepers being injured.
ITP took the same position in its comments.
Similarly, the fact that supposedly certain trends observed for the sampled Community producers are not similar to those observed for all complainants, and that a small proportion of Community producers were subject to verification visits, does not constitute legally relevant arguments that could undermine the validity of the sample.
In relation to the quantities expressed in carcass-weight equivalent for the import of meat falling within CN code 0204 and of live animals falling within CN codes 01041030, 01041080, and 01042090, as well as the applicable customs duties, the figures specified in the Annex shall apply.
As indicated in the RAC opinion's baseline document, reliable analytical methods for determining DCB content are available on the EU market.
Under the financial protocols concluded with third countries from the Mediterranean region, global amounts of loans provided from the own resources of the European Investment Bank have been determined.
This report is submitted, if necessary, together with appropriate proposals.
Reporting period from : to :
Commission Delegated Directive 2014/6/EU
Architectural services for spaces
Pharmaceutical form
approve the annual activity report of the Joint Undertaking and the related expenses ;
Between 1983 and 1989, the debt of the RTP company to the social security system reached 2189 million PTE, which was a result of the company's failure to pay contributions to that system.
Available at https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201213/cmselect/cmpubacc/writev/716/m03.htm
The activities of EIT cover the entire innovation chain, including the development of master's and doctoral programs marked with the EIT label, combining top-quality science with entrepreneurship education, services related to business creation, and mobility programs.
The licensee must however have the ability to sell the aforementioned components as spare parts for his own products, and thus supply them to third parties providing after-sales services for these products.
the novads of Mazsalacas
to Commission Regulation of 25 October 2004 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables
one or more public authorities designated by the third country ; or
In accordance with the conditions of the rights to practice as a doctor and veterinarian.
However, the air quality did not improve to the extent anticipated due to tightened vehicle emission standards, particularly with regard to nitrogen oxides (NOx) and particulate matter.
Appendix – Test report
When determining whether a final regulatory action at Community level constitutes a ban or a severe restriction such that the chemicals concerned qualify for PIC notification under Article 10, the effect of that action shall be assessed at the level of the categories pesticides and industrial chemicals.
In Section I of Chapter V, the following point 5 is added:
For the fishing year from 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2013 , the Union producer prices as provided for in Article 26 ( 1 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 104 / 2000 shall be as set out in Annex II to this Regulation .
supporting the prevention of illegal migration by better integrating migration issues into development strategies; this is also linked to strengthening border management and awareness campaigns about the dangers of illegal migration,
A ( high ) ( sf ) to A ( low ) ( sf )
Eurostat data does not allow for a precise determination of whether the imported products were sold to Original Equipment Manufacturers or to the aftermarket segment.
Commission Implementing Directive 2012/1/EU of 6 January 2012 amending Annex I to Council Directive 66/402/EEC as regards the conditions that must be met for the cultivation of Oryza sativa [1] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.
d. 'Software specially designed to maintain the alignment and phasing of segmented mirror arrays consisting of mirrors with a diameter or major axis length of at least 1 m.'
ethoxy-2- ( 4-methoxyphenyl ) benzo [ b ] thiophene
specialised entities of the Ministry of Justice ,
Council Decision 94 / 800 / EC of 22 December 1994 concerning the conclusion on behalf of the European Community, as regards matters within its competence, of the agreements reached in the Uruguay Round multilateral negotiations (1986-1994) (OJ L 336, 23.12.1994, p. 1).
A mother suffering from alcohol dependence is doubly guilty; first, because of her habits, and second, because she is perceived as a bad mother from whom the children should be taken away.
The measure in question can thus be attributed to the State, and the resources from which the compensation was paid are State resources.
Operator using TAIL NB: N676GH
The electronic signatures referred to in paragraph 2 ( b ) shall have the equivalent legal effect of handwritten signatures .
The non-injurious price was obtained by adjusting the sales prices of the sampled Union producers by the actual loss incurred / actual profit recorded in the IP and by adding the above mentioned profit margin.
Fourthly, the 2007 and 2008 guarantees were granted for loans to a company in difficulty and did not foresee any remuneration for the guarantor (State).
The Commission also emphasizes that the Italian authorities have not demonstrated that the measure in question arises from the nature or structure of the Italian tax system.
a risk-based wildlife monitoring programme has been implemented in accordance with Chapter II A ( d ) of Annex IV .
If the application is to be submitted by a third-country national, Member States shall allow the application to be lodged from a third country or, where this is provided for by national law, on the territory of the Member State where the national is legally present.
Council Directive 2002 / 53 / EC of 13 June 2002 on the common catalogue of varieties of agricultural plant species ( OJ L 193 , 20.7.2002 , p . 1 ) , in particular Article 17 .
Staff members recalled to serve in the armed forces for a period of training shall be entitled to special paid leave not exceeding two weeks in any year or four weeks every two years.
Basic own funds not including subordinated liabilities that are not classified as basic own funds;
Zone Community waters and waters not under the sovereignty or jurisdiction of third countries of VI ( ORY / 06- )
Moreover, the company reported substantial profits, whereas it actually incurred significant losses, and the presented accounting documents did not include the correct consolidated turnover figures concerning all of the company's operations.
Anthraquinone
Except in cases of force majeure, the security referred to in paragraph 1 ( b ) shall be released only if proof is furnished to the competent authority of the Member State that the young bovine animals :
As already stated in recital (49) above, the price comparison was conducted on the most comparable basis, meaning that domestic prices were compared under similar delivery conditions in similar and geographically closest markets.
Rear fog lamps
If the system is not deactivated by the driver, for example by turning the ignition switch to the off position, or by switching off that particular function if a special switch is provided for that purpose, the warning should remain visible for the entire duration of the fault condition.
Name of the vessel that landed the fish
ANNEX II
silteplase
Paragraphs 24–31 specify the types of identifiable assets and liabilities that include items for which this IFRS provides limited exceptions to the measurement principle.
OTHER ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE / PAYABLE
Moreover, in cases where there is a higher risk of loss due to natural disasters, it is questionable whether farms could be insured by a private insurer under similar conditions.
Low-emission growth has long been decoupled from resource consumption, paving the way for a safe and sustainable global society.
According to Spain, these funds do not confer any benefits to the mining companies themselves, as they are intended to cover exceptional costs related to the restructuring process.
total number of symptomatic species
In its resolution of 10 September 2013 on online gambling within the internal market [ 3 ] , the European Parliament called on the Commission to examine the possibilities for interoperability of national self-exclusion registers, to raise awareness of the risks associated with gambling addiction, and to consider mandatory third-party identity checks.
As already mentioned, a gradual easing of the impact that American regulations related to wood processing have had on demand in the USA can soon be expected, whereas it does not seem that the well-known difficult situation in the construction and automotive sectors in Europe and the USA could help increase demand for the product concerned from the cement or automotive fluids sectors, at least not in the foreseeable future.
Transmission devices not incorporating reception apparatus
Sheep or lamb skin leather without wool on; parchment-dressed or prepared after tanning, excluding chamois, patent, laminated, and metallised leather.
Fixed-to-Float interest rate swaps denominated in USD
where appropriate , dates of payment and delivery and a copy of the bill of lading and of the purchase contract ;
trans-4- (propan-2-yl) cyclohexanecarboxylic acid
Marine crabs n.e.i.
The commitments will end on the date of the divestment of more than 50 % of ING Insurance Europe or, as the case may be, of NN Bank, unless specified otherwise.
Monofilament of which any cross-sectional dimension > 1 mm, rods, sticks and profile shapes, whether or not surface-worked but not otherwise worked, of plastics (other than polymers of ethylene and vinyl chloride)
in Article 9 ( 1 ) , point ( c ) and paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) are replaced by the following :
This system itself constitutes a separate, general system applicable to all Spanish non-profit organizations, regardless of sector, size, and region.
Hungary itself acknowledged that the task of MAVA was never to generate profits.
In Article 216, the following paragraph is added:
EUR 54,11 per tonne in Spain
Germany
(Z)-3-(6-chloro-3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-thiazolidin-2-ylidenecyanamide
amending Annex I to Decision 2009 / 177 / EC as regards surveillance programmes for Finland and the United Kingdom and the disease-free status of Finland and the United Kingdom for certain aquatic animal diseases
organisms and white blood cells seen on Gram's stain of joint fluid
Sugars
Air heaters and hot-air distributors, including those which can also distribute fresh or conditioned air, not electrically heated, equipped with motor-driven fans or blowers, and parts thereof, of iron or steel.
In the absence of any substantially new information or argument in this particular respect, recitals 119 to 135 of the provisional Regulation are hereby confirmed.
Base rate
Type approval of the vehicle shall apply both to the RESS and to the coupling system for charging the RESS, as they are considered electrical/electronic systems.
Article 3
By Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1213 / 2008 [ 2 ] a first coordinated multiannual Community programme, covering the years 2009, 2010 and 2011, was established.
If the verifier has observed changes in the capacity, activity levels, and operation of the installation that may affect the allocation of emission allowances for that installation and which have not been reported to the competent authority by 31 December of the reporting period in accordance with Article 24 (1) of Decision 2011 / 278 / EU, a description of such changes and relevant remarks;
It is largely dependent on the location of products and the source of supply and is related to many different supply-related factors.
The amount of aid is considered to be 100 % of the guaranteed amount multiplied by the duration of the guarantee (the number of months during which the guarantee was in effect in relation to 3 years, or 36 months).
The competent authorities monitor UCITS and AIF established or marketed in their jurisdictions to verify that they do not use the MMF designation or suggest that they have MMF status unless they comply with the provisions of this Regulation.
the following indent shall be added in point 12q ( Directive 2002 / 95 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ) :
other functions, please specify
All these initiatives are of strategic importance and equally provide important frameworks for policy aimed at strengthening relations with partner countries and relations between those countries, based on the principles of mutual accountability, co-responsibility, and a sense of duty.
Comments from the EU aviation security validator.
Cetylpyridinium chloride
o-Toluidine derived dyes
Biostability
If the seat meets the requirements of Appendix 6 to this Regulation.
Sufficient data must be generated and submitted to confirm that specified patterns are applicable to the regions and a range of conditions that may occur in those regions where its use is to be recommended.
The number of dairy cows for which the extensification payment was actually granted;
consists exclusively of hydrolysed protein / dicalcium phosphate / tricalcium phosphate ( 2 ) not intended for human consumption ;
It is therefore appropriate to operate deductions on the fishing quotas allocated to them in 2018 and, where relevant, in subsequent years, for the overfished stocks.
The financial reference amount intended to cover the expenditure related to EUMM for the period from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2007 shall be EUR 2318000. This amount also includes expenses for the closure of EUMM.
Withdrawal or suspension of approval or registration allowing the operation of a feed or food business;
The President of the city of Szczecin emphasized the importance of the shipyard for the region and stated that despite some delays, the restructuring being implemented has brought the expected results, and the shipyard is capable of competing in the market with other shipyards in the long term.
Information and communication technologies ( TEN-ICT networks )
Norwegian waters areas I and II
laprafylline
Note: Acceptance criteria for the "whole system failure rate leading to false-negative results" are set at 99 out of 100 positive analyses.
According to Article 21(2) and (3) of the Financial Regulation, all revenue will be used to provide additional resources under item 3 0 0 5 of the expenditure statement in this section.
flexibility provided by leasing.
the total price of the travel package, including taxes and, if applicable, any additional fees and other costs or – if it cannot reasonably be expected that these costs will be calculated before the conclusion of the contract – information on the type of additional costs the traveller may still incur;
The above analysis allowed for the proper distinction and separation of the effects of all known factors influencing the situation of the Union industry from the harmful effects of the dumped imports.
Export of goods listed in Annexes II or III, and supply of technical assistance related to goods listed in Annex II as referred to in Articles 3 (1) and 4 (1):
Further details of the areas of cooperation under this Article are set out in Part B of Annex II.
Sustainable development for fisheries management and maritime governance aligned with the CFP objectives.
Aulacomya ater
The warning signal must be visible even by daylight; the proper condition of the signal must be easily verifiable by the driver from the driver's seat.
The Marrakech treaty falls under the exclusive competence of the Union, and the Marrakech treaty should be approved.
EXPENDITURE INCURRED IN CARRYING OUT THE NATIONAL PROGRAMME FOR IMPLEMENTING THE CONTROL, INSPECTION AND SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ON FISHERIES ACTIVITIES
Sections B to G of NACE Rev. 2
Commission Decision 2005 / 813 / EC of 15 November 2005 amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2002 / 308 / EC establishing lists of approved zones and approved farms with regard to one or more of the fish diseases viral haemorrhagic septicaemia ( VHS ) and infectious haematopoietic necrosis ( IHN ) is to be incorporated into the Agreement.
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 983 / 2012
Flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa: – – not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit, nuts or cocoa:
According to Article 2 ( 7 ) ( a ) of the basic Regulation , normal value for the exporting producers not granted MET has to be established on the basis of the prices or constructed value in an analogue country .
access to short term standardised products on a trading platform ;
Appendix G contains general information and definitions related to noise testing.
It provides for the implementation of emergency measures to be applied by the Commission in cases where there is evidence that food imported from a third country may pose a serious threat to human health.
The Commission requires the reference of the appropriate invitation to tender.8.11.
Regulating device
The contracting authority or the contracting entity shall require the concessionaire to notify it of any changes to this information during the course of the concession as well as to provide the required information regarding any new subcontractors which it subsequently engages for the execution of such construction works or services.
It is recommended that the total aliquots taken do not exceed 1% of the total volume of the solution, in order to avoid significant changes in the soil/solution ratio and to reduce the mass of dissolved substances capable of adsorption during the course of the investigation.
Simple
Other vegetable textile fibres; paper yarn and woven fabrics of paper yarn; except for:
Anura
In this context, it is irrelevant that during the expiry review that removed the anti-dumping measures covering imports of urea from Russia, no likelihood of recurrence of injury was demonstrated, as each case should be assessed in light of its own characteristics and individual circumstances.
The total number of employees measured in full-time equivalents (FTE) in the industry decreased by 20% over the period considered and reached its lowest level in the IP.
Other starches
Council Directive 76 / 211 / EEC of 20 January 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the making up by weight or by volume of certain pre-packaged products ( OJ L 46 , 21.2.1976 , p . 1 ) , as subsequently amended .
less than 2,5 % of nickel, other than wire containing by weight 13 % or more but not more than 25 % of chromium, and 3,5 % or more but not more than 6 % of aluminium,
at least one discrete graphics card ( dGfx ) meeting the G3 ( with FB Data Width > 128-bit ) , G4 , G5 , G6 or G7 classification ;
At the air traffic controller's workstation, the TBS support tool must be integrated with safety networks to assist the air traffic controller, enabling the calculation of the TBS distance while respecting the minimum separation based on radar readings, using the actual weather conditions for the descent path.
Total Community production decreased by 20 %, total sales decreased by 21 %, and the market share of the entire Community industry decreased by 16 %.
These products do not bear the CE marking.
Following the provisional disclosure, one of the Community importers claimed that the Commission's findings regarding fluctuations in Chinese export prices during the period under investigation were distorted due to the use of a fiscal year division instead of calendar years.
Non-domestic vacuum cleaners and floor polishers
The issuance of a temporary authorisation does not grant the right to access classified information marked "SECRET UE / EU SECRET" and above.
The variables listed in section 3 shall be measured using appropriate transducers.
Taxes on production and imports [ 1A.9 ] are taxes on production and imports ( D.2 ) recorded among the revenues of sector S.13.
Commission Directive 2010 / 74 / EU
Therefore, in line with its usual practice, the Commission must assess these measures in light of the public aid rules insofar as they distort or threaten to distort competition in markets for products not mentioned in Article 296.”
These funds are intended to finance the preliminary actions resulting from Regulation (EC) No 882/2004, in particular: training in the area of food and feed control.
Section 6
Article 44 of the amended Law No 86-1067 on the freedom of public communication also states that 'the public resources allocated to public broadcasters as compensation for the public service obligations entrusted to them shall not exceed the cost of discharging these obligations.'
If the vehicle submitted for approval pursuant to this Regulation meets the requirements of paragraph 15 below, approval of that vehicle type shall be granted.
Implementation will be carried out using the following means:
For the purposes of paragraph 1, the withholding tax is deducted on a pro rata basis for the period during which the beneficial owner holds a debt-claim.
Commission Implementing Decision 2013 / 65 / EU of 19 December 2012 pursuant to Directive 95 / 46 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the adequate protection of personal data in New Zealand ( OJ L 28 , 30.1.2013 , p . 12 ) . ’
Basic knowledge of integrated pest management strategies and techniques, integrated production strategies and techniques, principles of organic farming, biological pest control methods, and information on general principles and guidelines for integrated pest management for specific crops and sectors.
Position of approval mark on the vehicle : …
Furthermore, other portfolio investments listed in the balance sheet, such as Rhinebridge, also experienced significant changes in fair value that had to be recognized in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs).
Serbia and Montenegro ( 34 )
Project IV: Science and technology
Metaldehyde, hexamethylenetetramine and similar substances in the form of tablets, sticks or similar forms, used as fuel; alcohol-based fuels and similar prepared fuels, in solid or semi-solid form; torches, fire sources of light and the like.
Select the digestion period.
creating conditions for closer cooperation in other areas of mutual interest.
In light of the technical and scientific advancements in these circumstances, the standard of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UNECE ) concerning the marketing and commercial quality control of seed potatoes, as well as the relevant standards of the International Plant Protection Convention ( IPPC ) and the European and Mediterranean Plant Protection Organization ( EPPO ), should be taken into account.
These resources are intended to finance commitments that remain to be settled from previous years within the framework of the pilot project.
Brief description of the vehicle with regard to driver operated controls
The auditing team shall review the technical documentation referred to in point 3.1 to verify the manufacturer's ability to identify the relevant requirements of this regulation and to carry out the necessary examinations to ensure compliance of the subsystems or safety components with those requirements.
Interest of unrelated importers and distributors
As part of the supervisory activities, the national safety authority ensures coverage of:
The analytical grade of chloroacetamide is recommended as a reference substance.
The Group of National Representatives shall adopt its rules of procedure.
for the Union, any citizen of the Republic of Cape Verde authorized or entitled under national legislation or Union law to stay in the territory of a Member State for more than 90 days;
The following return vehicles and equipment designed or modified for them suitable for use in the systems specified in item 1.A., except in cases provided for in the note below section 2.A.1. regarding systems designed for non-weapon payloads:
Therefore, this argument is rejected as unfounded.
If these methods are not available, normal value may also be determined on any other reasonable basis, including the price actually paid or payable in the Union for the like product, duly adjusted if necessary to include a reasonable profit margin.
Fans
Toilet waters
The produced oil becomes the property of the respective licensee.
either petrol ( E5 ) or NG / biomethane ;
Criterion 54 .
The time is always given in hours and minutes UTC at the moment the special air report is issued.
E 202 additional page 3 NO
This field is empty in the case of non-confidential data.
Glossary
presentation of the list of actions undertaken in an attempt to achieve compliance; and
It is therefore confirmed that the selection of the sample of Community producers was based on the largest representative volume of production that could be examined within the time provided by Article 17 of the basic Regulation, and that the sample is fully representative.
If necessary, add deionized oxygen-free water (point 14) to achieve the required volume.
the specific information on the effects on aquatic organisms as provided for in the Annex to Regulation ( EU ) No 544 / 2011 and the results of the evaluation thereof ;
Forms of material reception conditions
Sugar — Restructuring Fund
Permanent grassland
Prickly pear (cactus fruit)
Growth
The number of registrations reported by Member States may not be changed for any other reason.
The Judges shall, immediately after the election of the President and Vice-President of the Court, elect the Presidents of the Chambers of five Judges for a term of three years.
Short- and long-term complication rates and long-term effects including sexual function, body image perception, gender identity, and social and aesthetic identity are still identified as gaps requiring future research.
National reservation regarding the supply of services related to the management of private security companies.
Pennant's red colobus
if the information is duplicated, it shall be listed only once for the mixture overall, such as when two substances both cause vomiting and diarrhoea;
Cleaning, disinfecting, sorting and straightening of bristles and hair
from the west — a straight line towards the north to the western border of the village of Bacze Mokre, then from the western border of the village of Bacze Mokre in a straight line to the north-east reaching to the road leading to the prison in Czerwony Bór, then along this road to road No 63.
In order to take into account the entities that derive a substantial portion of their income from infrastructure activities, the wording of the income criteria needs to be revised.
Source of information using open text.
D-glucose pentaacetate
Annex VII
the purpose of each securities lending and borrowing operation;
The Commission cannot accept France's argument that the continued presence of the FagorBrandt group in the market has positive effects by preventing the creation of an oligopoly.
Questionnaires must be submitted to the Commission within 15 days from the publication of this Regulation in the Official Journal of the European Union.
Toray Plastics Europe indicated its support for the request, although it is not a formal applicant.
DEFINED BENEFIT PROGRAMS AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (44)
( high-speed craft ) Reg .
Salts and esters of citric acid
The Community and certain third countries wish to allow the trade in poultry and poultry products originating from approved groups, and therefore EU legislation should additionally include the principle of classification of imported poultry and poultry products into groups.
Commission Delegated Regulation ( EU ) 2017/207
data link communication messages related to ATS communications to and from the aeroplane, including messages applying to the following applications:
1049 Bruxelles / Brussel
Calves of cattle and buffaloes, live
In Article 34a, paragraph 3 is replaced by the following :
Recognizing the high adjustment costs faced by the Sugar Protocol countries due to the reforms in the EU sugar sector, the EIB will strive to allocate part of the resources from the Investment Facility and its own resources to investments in the sugar sector of the Sugar Protocol countries.
In the Landkreis Bad Dürkheim the municipalities Lambrecht (Pfalz), Hettenleidelheim, Freinsheim, Grünstadt Land
“ Propellants ”, not specified elsewhere in the EU Common Military List, specially designed for military use;
Regulation ( EC ) No 1907 / 2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council
Vine leaves (grape leaves)
with a printed circuit board featuring EEPROM memory, a microcontroller, an LVDS receiver, and other active and passive components,
in the case of C2: both headlamps 0 per cent
Diplomatska izkaznica ( diplomatic identity card )
the following paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 are added :
specially designed or adapted thin-walled cylinders with a wall thickness of 12 mm or less, a diameter between 75 mm and 650 mm, made from one or several high strength-to-density ratio materials described in the explanatory note to this section.
Methionine
NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF TECHNICAL SERVICES RESPONSIBLE FOR CONDUCTING APPROVAL TESTS AND OF ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS
Capital repayments and interest related to loans granted by the Commission and the risk capital allocated by it for developing countries in the Mediterranean basin and the Republic of South Africa under the action "European Union Investment Partners".
The SIRENE Bureau of the Member State that was not able to enter the alert may request that the SIRENE Bureau of the Member State that entered the alert informs it of hits related to this alert.
NUMBER OF FISH
Educational level ( primary, secondary, higher or no education );
the constituents of the pharmaceutical form administered to animals.
New pneumatic tyres, of rubber, of a kind used on aircraft.
Finally, Spain states that the problems faced by Danish shipyards are not caused by competition from Spanish shipyards, but by unfair competition from Korea.
Other microscopes
Mechanical coupling requirements must comply with ISO 6489-1 standard.
conducting statistical surveys, preparatory studies and feasibility analyses, as well as pilot programs necessary to achieve its objectives; organising meetings with experts and, if necessary, establishing ad hoc working groups for this purpose; developing and providing access to open scientific documentation resources and supporting information activities;
Member States conducting sample surveys shall ensure that the weighted survey results are statistically representative of agricultural holdings within each region and meet the precision requirements set out in Annex IV.
Recipient
Even if we were to assume that all beneficiaries of this measure are small and medium-sized enterprises, according to the argument presented by the Greek authorities, point 3.5 of the Communication on guarantees would apply.
In order to determine whether alternative access seekers can replicate the downstream offer provided by the SMP operator using available regulated wholesale products, in cases where wholesale price regulation should not be introduced, the NRA should conduct an economic replicability test.
Regulation ( EC ) No 1831 / 2003 provides for the authorisation of additives for use in animal nutrition and specifies the grounds and procedures for granting or denying such authorisation.
nortriptyline
electric power was available on the aircraft;
protocol upgrade to TLS within HTTP/1.1, HTTPS
‘ allocated interrogator code implementation sequence ’ means a time-limited sequence for the implementation of interrogator code allocations that Mode S users must follow to avoid temporary interrogator code conflicts ;
According to information provided by ISB and Arion, the mentioned interest rate significantly exceeds not only the average interest rates specified in contracts for comparable debt instruments entered into during the discussed period, but also the highest financing cost of the European bank that used mortgages as collateral at that time (i.e., the Bank of Ireland, where the interest rate corresponded to the level of interbank rates increased by 1.9%).
EUR 109,50 per tonne of sugar quota renounced in the marketing year 2007 / 2008.
either [ II.4.6. have remained in the exporting country for at least the last six months prior to collection of the semen to be exported ; ]
a statement of support or opposition, in whole or in part, to the remedy sought by one of the parties;
"It is recommended that advice from a veterinarian be sought before use and before extending the period of use."
Only duly authorised staff of the operational units, as well as of the central access point (s), shall be entitled to access the VIS in accordance with Article 4.
EUR 35 million
Producers of products may fulfill their obligations arising from the extended producer responsibility system individually or collectively.
For the purposes of paragraph 4, "retained mobilised asset-backed securities" means asset-backed securities used in a percentage greater than 75% of the outstanding nominal amount by a counterparty that originated these securities or by entities closely linked to the originator.
In adequate quantities of fluids to ensure the proper functioning of all parts of the vehicle.
Since none of these approaches would lead to a change in the findings concerning sufficient price increases, the Commission left open the question of whether in this case an increase in the conventional customs duty rate should be taken into account for the purpose of price comparison.
The third key element of the restructuring plan concerns the restructuring of banking activities in Spain.
The relevant requirements apply to DC-connected power park module HVDC connections and HVDC systems.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 378 / 2005 of 4 March 2005 on detailed rules for the implementation of Regulation ( EC ) No 1831 / 2003 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the duties and tasks of the Community Reference Laboratory concerning applications for authorisations of feed additives ( OJ L 59 , 5.3.2005 , p . 8 ) .
Asparagus
In this case, the beneficiaries are the air carriers defined in Regulation ( EC ) No 1008 / 2008 [ 135 ].
Exemption approved by the competent authority.
NACE 30.12 : Building of pleasure and sporting boats
Powered by electric motor
The maximum cost of the measures specified in Article 1 is EUR 500000 for a period of two years.
ANNEX II
The rejection of the application does not lead to the automatic revocation of any existing authorisation granted under customs regulations.
Moreover, a positive factor is that the bank will refrain from making additional investments in non-investment grade securities, which will help maintain its capital position and liquidity level.
a repeated refusal or undue delay in carrying out and/or communicating the results of subsequent verification of the proof of origin;
covert investigation
Item k
The implementing agencies shall take all appropriate measures to publicise the fact that the Action is funded by the Union.
Specific clauses may, however, render the underlying assets of reverse repurchase agreements unavailable to FRP managers, thus making them illiquid.
The assets must be sold at market price (to the highest bidder).
supplies of cereals and industrial crops (including oilseeds and sugar beets) which are not normally intended for final consumption in an unchanged state;
0.02 EUR for the purchase of vaccine doses ;
Done at Brussels , 11 July 2008 .
A risk-sharing loan provides SMEs with easier access to financing in the form of new loans, as it offers financial intermediaries a financial contribution and a division of credit risk, thereby ensuring that SMEs have greater funds available on preferential terms, such as lower interest rates and/or less collateral.
Public Health
"It shall furthermore be functionally independent from any competent authority involved in the awarding of public service contracts."
Each data transmission has the following structure:
Article 20
NETHERLANDS
With respect to railway infrastructure, the independent assessor possesses:
Calculate the percentage of alpha-cyclodextrin in the test sample as follows:
Interest rate and inflation: residual maturity period above 5 years
Regarding procedural matters, Luxembourg asserts that the appropriate procedure for the official information request was not followed in this case, in the sense that the provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 659 / 1999 do not allow the Commission to include the official information request in its decision to initiate proceedings.
Article 45 ( 4 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1592 / 2002 stipulates that where an inspection of the competent authorities of a Member State entails an inspection of an undertaking or an association of undertakings, the Agency shall apply the provisions of Article 46 of that Regulation.
cobalt
The position "Administration" includes the costs of ground staff and administrative premises.
Relationship ( i.e. : own child , adopted child , foster child ) :
This Regulation shall enter into force on the 20th day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
RMG's plans, which in particular concern reducing the diversification of costs and revenues, are based on significant restructuring measures taken by RMG since 2002 (including the implementation of substantial changes to the PERM system) to modernize its operations and reduce costs.
Fruit pastes
in Article 34 ( 1 ) , the term SWIFT ‘ ’ is replaced by the term BIC ‘ ’ ;
Union law regarding the import of animal products guarantees that only animal products compliant with it may be imported from Madagascar to the Union.
CHAPTER 14 03 —
Only the third agreement, dated 13 May 2010, contains a provision whereby the transferred property is subject to the encumbrances and easements listed in the land register.
Kosovo under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 / 1999.
Consequently, this article cannot be classified as a textile floor covering under heading 57 in the sense of note 1 to heading 57, because the exposed surface of the article is not made of textile materials, but mainly of products similar to wickerwork classified under heading 4601.
Potassium sulfate ( K2SO4 ).
Former First Deputy Head of the KGB
The Greek authorities and the beneficiary argue that the restructuring was based on a general national law applicable to all companies in Greece and that, therefore, the measure in question was not selective.
This results in the obligation to maintain technical compatibility.
Four-circuit safety valve
the types and dimensions of the seats
Commission Decision 2008/22/EC of 19 December 2007 establishing the rules for the implementation of Decision No 573/2007/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the European Refugee Fund for the years 2008-2013 as part of the General Programme Solidarity and Management of Migration Flows with regard to the management and control systems of the Member States, the rules of administrative and financial management, and the eligibility criteria for expenditure for the implementation of projects co-financed by the Fund (OJ L 7 of 10.1.2008, p. 1).
The operator applying for approval to implement an ATQP shall present the implementation plan to the Authority in accordance with point ( c ) of Appendix 1 to OPS 1.978.
( notified under document C ( 2012 ) 9551 )
Kavoshyar Company.
The Austrian regions falling under the Regional competitiveness and employment objective and located at the former external borders of the European Union will be allocated an additional ERDF envelope of EUR 150 million. Bavaria will similarly be allocated an additional envelope of EUR 75 million under the Regional competitiveness and employment objective.
The concentration of cadmium available for uptake by plants.
For multi-functionality in end-of-life situations, the rules must specify how to calculate the different parts within the provided mandatory formula.
The Finnish Post has a market share of 100% and is the only provider of these services.
The competent authority shall be responsible for informing the Commission and the other Member States thereof.
FagorBrandt can therefore count only on financial support from Fagor, limited by the existing capabilities of the latter company.
If a Party is aware or has reasonable grounds to suspect that it will not be able or may not be able to comply with the provisions of points 1 and 2 above regarding non-disclosure, it shall promptly inform the other Party.
Zone III , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX , X , XII ( Community waters and international waters )
Declared tyre loading: N
Regulation ( EC ) No 546 / 2003 should therefore be amended accordingly .
Operator using TAIL NB : XACXW
Cooperation in the field of combating terrorism may also be conducted with individual countries, regions, or international, regional, and sub-regional organizations;
New psychoactive substances that pose risks to public health and, where appropriate, social risks across the Union should be addressed at the Union level.
Opinion delivered on 11 October 2006 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
References to the repealed Regulation shall be construed as references to this Regulation and shall be read in accordance with the correlation table set out in Annex III.
Amine / amidine, a heterocyclic organic sulfur compound.
As regards objections based on non compliance with Article 3 ( 3 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 510 / 2006 , the Netherlands submitted information regarding the distinction between the product bearing the registered name Noord-Hollandse Edammer ‘ ’ and that for which the name Edam Holland ‘ ’ is applied .
With multi-entry impeller
Done at Brussels, 18 July 2011.
larazotide
The dimensions of the pan must be chosen so as to ensure that the sides of the tested device are exposed to flames.
In the context of the average annual progress rates recorded in the Member States over the past fifteen years, to achieve these objectives, the aforementioned Member States should increase their recycling capacities to levels significantly higher than the averages attained in recent years.
certification and documentation demonstrating that the organisation and location of the tenderer's supply chain will enable it to meet the contracting authority's / entity's requirements regarding the security of supplies as specified in the contract documentation, as well as a commitment to ensure that any changes in the supply chain during the execution of the contract will not adversely affect compliance with those requirements;
Chairman
The EUSR shall present the SG / HR, the Council and the Commission with a progress report before the end of June 2009 and a comprehensive mandate implementation report by mid-November 2009. These reports shall form a basis for the evaluation of this Joint Action in the relevant working groups and by the PSC.
Women’s or girls’ suits and ensembles, of knitted or crocheted textiles
Article 183 , first and second paragraphs
Regulation ( EC ) No 1907/2006 should therefore be amended accordingly .
Table 2
As explained above, OEM aluminum wheels are generally prepared two years before the launch of a new car model.
with observations forming an integral part of the decision on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Fisheries Control Agency for the financial year 2012
Tier I capital ratio including adjustments under pillar II
Sports footwear
The main national institutions involved in the implementation are also specified in the relevant annual programme.
In line with IMO and ITU decisions, the requirements for two-tone alarm generator and transmission on A3H are no longer applicable in testing standards.
Disc with integrated drum — with or without parking brake function;
Except for research and development services referred to in Article 13 (j).
Annex II to Decision 93/52/EEC is amended in accordance with Annex I to this Decision.
Management of the environment / land
The review should include an examination of the documentation and – if necessary for the purpose of establishing compliance – testing of the product.
The entry Agha , Haji Abdul Manan ‘ ( aka Saiyid ; Abd Al-Manam ) , Pakistan ’ under the heading Natural persons ‘ ’ shall be replaced by the following :
Additional CCS functions ( W )
Total available own funds to cover the group's consolidated SCR (excluding other financial sectors and from undertakings included through the deduction and aggregation method) - overall.
Done at Brussels , 29 July 2005 .
The place of origin corresponds to the embryo collection team or embryo production team that collected / produced these ova / embryos.
Once the customs authorities issue an export shipping bill which shows, inter alia, the amount of drawback which is to be granted for that export transaction, the Government of India can no longer decide on the granting of the subsidy.
Repr. Cat.
This volume corresponds to 10-15 % of total Russian exports to the Community during the RIP or a potential market share of 1.5-2 % of the Community market.
an analysis of whether the products or combination of products offered on forward markets provide a hedge against price volatility in the day-ahead market of the respective bidding zone.
Excessive fluctuation of brake force during each complete wheel revolution.
Title : Vice Admiral .
DEROGATION UNDER ARTICLE 87 (3) OF THE EC TREATY
amending the Annex to Regulation ( EU ) No 37 / 2010 on pharmacologically active substances and their classification regarding maximum residue limits in foodstuffs of animal origin , as regards the substance tildipirosin
Internal combustion engine
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 601 / 2012 of 21 June 2012 on the monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions pursuant to Directive 2003 / 87 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( OJ L 181 , 12.7.2012 , p . 30 ) , as amended by OJ L 347 , 15.12.2012 , p . 43 .
France recalls that the Commission cannot assess certain advance payments due to their expiry.
Flotation techniques based on the use of dissolved air to separate coagulated and flocculated material.
The Greenland authorities have informed the Commission that the Community is entitled to fish 1,000 tons of crabs of the species Chionoecetes spp. in Greenland waters.
The total amount paid as pre-financing shall be reimbursed to the Commission if no payment application in accordance with Article 44 is submitted within 36 months from the date on which the Commission pays the first instalment of the preliminary pre-financing amount.
Certificate on Access to Vehicle OBD and Vehicle Repair and Maintenance Information . ’ ;
SPIRODICLOFEN
Ethiopia
western Mediterranean Sea ;
amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2004/558/EC as regards the infectious bovine rhinotracheitis-free status of the Federal States of Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, Brandenburg, Berlin and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Furthermore, IAS can cause significant damage to human health and the economy.
If the new financial regulation allows for greater flexibility in allocating lump sums in relation to specific outcomes, this flexibility could also be used for capacity building towards "bankability" of investment projects and access to the market.
Decisions on SIS II
In such cases, the Member States shall notify the Commission of the State aid and the Commission may approve it in accordance with this Regulation as part of those plans.
EUR 2000000 for Portugal .
The Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and the Council on the animal testing and marketing ban and on the state of play in relation to alternative methods in the field of cosmetics presents the way in which the Commission interprets these requirements [ 21 ].
new data or information demonstrating that the biocidal product is not sufficiently effective.
the budget article and any other smaller units of its division that may be applicable, including, where appropriate, references to relevant budgetary commitments;
The other factors which were examined in the context of the causality are the development of demand on the Union market, raw material prices, the export performance of the Union industry, the imports of the product under investigation from other third countries, the captive use of oxalic acid, and the economic crisis.
The sample dryer shall allow for measuring at least 95 per cent of the total NO2 at the maximum expected concentration of NO2.
To this end, business entities may provide evidence or data obtained, inter alia, in accordance with a voluntary national or international system or in accordance with a national system.
General transfer licences for exhibitions and evaluations
The evidence presented was therefore not sufficient to amend the request regarding the attractiveness of the Union market in terms of prices.
"Analysis for Renewal 2009 — Marketable Portfolio."
Done at Brussels, 15 March 2023.
Glandless impeller pumps for heating systems and warm water supply
A least-developed country Member shall not be subject to proceedings under the Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes regarding a specific provision from the date of notification to the Committee of the inability to implement that provision until the Committee makes a decision in the matter or for 24 months from the date of the first meeting of the Committee, whichever comes first.
Organotin compounds
Stringed
Feasibility
financial rate of return on investment - FRR / C
In light of the above findings, the separate treatment of imports from Russia is not justified, and the claim is rejected.
Shandong Weldstone Tungsten Industry Co . Ltd , Zibo
The third region where the collection and transmission of visa data to the VIS should start for all visa applications should be the Gulf region.
Chapter 42: Articles of leather; saddlery and harness; travel goods, handbags and similar containers; articles of animal gut (other than silkworm gut)
( notified under document number C ( 2009 ) 6054 )
Prepared feeds for farm animals (excluding premixes), not elsewhere classified.
3000 km running-in period ( no excessive blow-through / load )
In France, occupational pension schemes ("second pillar") are mandatory and are financed on a pay-as-you-go basis.
EFOGR - Guarantee Section finances expenditure incurred by the Member States in accordance with Articles 2 and 3 (2) and (3) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1258 / 1999 until 15 October 2006.
For vehicles of category M1, the mass of the vehicle at which this height is measured must be specified by the vehicle manufacturer and included in the notification (Annex 2).
The part of the name specifies the name of the thoroughfare.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 246 / 2007
Nothing in this Article shall limit any rights arising from the limitations of liability provided in Articles 7 or 8 of this Convention.
Access to the transmitted data is restricted to the competent authorities authorized to supervise infringements of Regulation ( EC ) No 561 / 2006 and this Regulation, as well as to workshops to the extent necessary to verify the proper functioning of the tachograph.
The proceedings are confidential.
2-methylpyridine ; 2-picoline
confers on any undertaking or undertakings, otherwise than according to such criteria, any legislative or administrative benefits which significantly affect the ability of other undertakings to provide the same services or engage in the same type of activities within the same geographical area under substantially equivalent conditions.
Main data elements of the wagon number,
It shall not be possible to turn off the operating warning system until the reagent has been replenished to a level not requiring its activation.
A Member State may, if dictated by the organisation of its internal judicial system, assign to its central authority or authorities the responsibility for the administrative transmission and reception of decisions regarding supervision measures along with the certificates referred to in Article 10, as well as any official correspondence relating thereto.
White clay is a very rare product, both nationally and internationally.
Climate control and air quality
In any given year, institutions may offset negative capital requirements arising from the negative part of the relevant ratio in any business line with positive capital requirements in other business lines without any restrictions.
alloclamide
The Italian authorities emphasize that the compatibility of the aid should be assessed on the basis of Article 87 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Treaty, as it concerns aid intended to repair damage caused by natural disasters or other exceptional occurrences.
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 1235 / 2011 of 29 November 2011 amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1222 / 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the classification of tyres with respect to wet grip, rolling resistance measurements and the verification procedure [ 1 ] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement .
on the signing, on behalf of the European Union, of the Agreement between the European Union and the Federative Republic of Brazil on short-stay visa waiver for holders of diplomatic, service or official passports
Contracting Parties applying this Regulation shall continue to issue approvals for headlamps on the basis of this and any previous series of amendments to this Regulation, provided that these lamps are intended as replacements for fitting to vehicles in use.
shall correspond to the embryo collection team that retrieved, processed, and stored the embryos;
Aquaculture products obtained from fry or larvae
Article 128 point 1 and Article 129 CRD
This shows that the district retained the right to dispose of the buses.
the strategic environmental assessment shall be completed in Lithuania for the section from Kaunas to the Lithuania/Poland state border;
The latest version of the financing directive can be found on the VRR website: http : / / www.vrr.de / imperia / md / content / vrrstartseite / finanzierungsrichtlinie.pdf
Member States may also apply these system requirements to new buildings.
sprouts ;
The initiation of an operation referred to in Article 38 (5) shall be understood to mean all preparatory operations for the adoption of acts concerning the implementation of the budget by the competent authorising officers mentioned in Articles 33 and 34.
Laboratory testing conditions
Maintenance includes checking for any leaks and ensuring the proper functioning of at least energy systems (e.g., heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, refrigeration units, etc.) and water systems (e.g., hydraulic systems, irrigation systems, etc.) on the premises.
It is therefore anticipated that Article 2 of Decree No 2007-958 of 15 May 2007 will be amended. The purpose of this amendment is:
Table 6.3
Based on the obligation imposed on the contracting States of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) to meet at least the ICAO standards regarding cargo security, the Commission and the Member States should seek cooperation with authorities in third countries and, where possible and desirable, provide assistance in building capacity regarding the implementation of requirements for the importation of secure air cargo and mail into the EU.
points (vii) and (viii) are replaced by the following :
rotating pin
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 798 / 2004 of 26 April 2004 renewing the restrictive measures in respect of Burma / Myanmar and repealing Regulation ( EC ) No 1081 / 2000 [ 1 ] , and in particular Article 12 thereof ,
‘ interchange fee ’ means a fee for direct debit transactions paid between the payer’s PSP and the payee’s PSP.
Market share of the Union industry (private label and retailers) ( %)
For the same reason, employment definitions cannot be based on actual data from over 700 Union small and medium-sized producers.
Exemption from further testing for classification and labelling may be allowed where each series of tests leads to a prediction of classification as category 1 according to the UN GHS.
Przemysław ILCZUK
In its letter of 3 June 2013, the GOC reiterated its position presented in previous submissions that the initiation of several programmes did not meet the evidentiary threshold referred to in Article 11 (2) of the WTO Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, and that by initiating these programmes, the Commission violated the provisions of Article 11 (3) of that Agreement.
At the end of Article X of the 1963 Vienna Convention the following new sentence is added:
A PBE intended for flight crew use shall be installed in the flight deck and must be easily accessible for immediate use by each required flight crew member at their assigned duty station.
Such contributions may in particular cover the costs of supporting training activities of the CSDP and the costs of national experts seconded to the CSDP by Member States.
Containing 85 % or more by weight of flax
Operator using TAIL NB : N801PN
This Regulation respects the fundamental rights and observes the principles recognised in particular by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, and notably the right to an effective remedy, to a fair trial and the right to the protection of personal data.
The Commission considered that the existing system of tax reliefs applies equally to all sectors of the economy, and therefore does not constitute a selective instrument placing the fisheries sector in a privileged position, but is a general measure.
This date is later than the "Event Date" (i.e., the date of occurrence or start of the operational risk event) and the "Detection Date" (i.e., the date when the institution became aware of the operational risk event).
Luggage deposit lockers
provisions regarding the availability of transport documents in accordance with Article 68 of the Control Regulation ;
The Commission shall ensure that the period between the submission of the applications and the notification of the assessment results is minimized.
offices;
The objective of these controls would be to establish whether such products contain horse meat, which is not properly labelled on the packaging or, in the case of non-pre-packaged foodstuffs, information relating to its presence is not made available to the consumer or mass caterers.
the absence of notification of corrective actions within the period referred to in Article 17 ( 1 ) ;
The packaging to be used must be thoroughly described and characterized in terms of the materials used, manner of construction (e.g., extruded, welded), dimensions and capacity, wall thickness, size of opening, type of closure, and seals.
Opinion of the European Parliament of 5 September 2007 ( OJ C 187 E , 24.7.2008 , p . 148 ) , Council Common Position of 7 April 2008 ( OJ C 117 E , 14.5.2008 , p . 1 ) and Position of the European Parliament of 19 June 2008 ( not yet published in the Official Journal ) .
"game" means wild birds hunted for human consumption.
The exporting producer who could not be granted MET also claimed IT in the event that it was not granted MET.
Sector name
the reasons allowing for early termination of the agreement and the permissible deadlines for termination;
The examination of trends relevant for the assessment of injury covered the period from 2005 to the end of the investigation period ( ‘ period considered ’ ).
In terms of the financial situation, this would lead to a lack of liquidity recovery, which would improve during this period, but would remain negative in 2009/2010.
Column D
rogletimide
does not designate any previously recognized financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
Not equipped with a direct view or electronic image display;
On behalf of the Council
appointing a French member and two French alternate members of the Committee of the Regions
The review of daminozide revealed a number of open questions which were addressed by the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ).
It is being implemented on the asset side to release as much capital as possible so that the bank can improve its capital ratio.
KBC can directly convert an absolute value of 10 basis points at a confidence level of 90% into a relative value, taking into account the acceptable maximum transformation of the estimator's variance coefficient.
Paragraph 2 of Section 3.2 of the Maritime Guidelines only permits aid in the form of reduced contributions for the social protection of EEA seafarers employed on board ships registered in an EEA State.
preambles ,
A secure telecommunications connection shall be established for the operational work of the contact points of the European Judicial Network.
Another group of consumers that could have been influenced by the granting of subsidies is the marginal consumers of pay television, namely those who have a slight preference for premium content and who may have been encouraged by promotions and special offers when purchasing that content.
Any lamp may be installed on movable components provided that the conditions specified in paragraphs 5.18, 5.19, and 5.20 are fulfilled.
REIMBURSEMENTS OF VARIOUS EXPENSES
Polyethylene film :
According to the Financial Regulation, within the thresholds established by the LIFE Regulation, reallocations to priority areas may not exceed 5% of the total funds allocated to those priority areas.
The exemption is granted on the basis of the results of a review conducted by technical experts taking into account available evidence from studies, stakeholders, or other scientific/technical sources.
Dilution systems, sample pumps, cooling fans, and the data-collection systems shall be started.
Average import price in EUR / tonne
The Council authorised the Commission to expand the negotiations with Singapore to also include investment protection.
act in accordance with the Council Conclusions of 19 March 2012 on a Communication on the external dimension of the Common Fisheries Policy.
The tailpipe shall be connected to the full flow dilution system, if used.
D-Ribono-1,4-lactone
On 31 May 2002, the state guarantee and the duration of the loan were extended until 30 June 2009, and the interest rate was increased by 100 basis points.
Place of birth ( for natural persons )
The Commission also questioned the necessity of repaying the long-term loan over a period of ten years.
Lactido SA
Establishment and submission to the Plenary Assembly of the Bureau's policy programme at the beginning of its term, and monitoring of its implementation; at the end of its term, the Bureau submits to the Plenary Assembly a report on the implementation of its policy programme.
In the case of replacement brake lining assemblies intended for vehicles of category L with a combined braking system as defined in paragraph 2.9 of Regulation No 78, the scope of approval must be limited to the combination(s) of brake lining assemblies on the axles of the vehicle, which were previously tested according to Annex 7 of this Regulation.
On the basis of this information, it is concluded that the imposition of anti-dumping duties would not significantly increase their overall production costs and that, in any case, they have some margin that allows them to absorb these additional costs.
In order to ensure more transparency of information, it is also necessary to provide public access to the list of local suppliers of marine fuel.
N / A This regulatory act is not applicable to this vehicle ( no requirements ) .
some (but not all) cash flows of a financial instrument may be designated as cash flow or fair value changes attributable to all or only certain types of risks (i.e., a "part" of the cash flows of a financial instrument may be designated as changes arising from all or only certain types of risks).
annual work programs concerning tasks under this Regulation;
keep daily control records on the functioning of automated grading methods, including any identified shortcomings and actions taken where necessary.
Liechtenstein shall provide for a procedure which allows the beneficial owner as defined in Article 4 to avoid the retention specified in Article 1 by expressly authorising his or her paying agent in Liechtenstein to report the interest payments to the competent authority of that State.
skin
ANNEX II
Address : 6 Ibn Al-Haythman Street , Manubah , Tunis , Tunisia
‘ inspection ’ means an independent assessment carried out by means of observation and judgment, accompanied (as appropriate) by measurements, tests or calibrations, the purpose of which is to verify compliance with the applicable requirements ;
Reduction of the KNU tariff outside the currently applicable tariff quota
The Commission with the assistance of EFTA
bis (maleinate) [7-chloro-5-(2-fluorophenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepine-2-ylmethyl] ammonium
In the case of mineral cultivation media:
It should be specified what additional actions may be supported by the ERDF under the European territorial cooperation objective.
Furthermore, this user argued that the Commission should not consider all production costs as the basis for calculating the non-injurious level, but rather take into account all costs that an efficient and competitive producer of electrical steel sheets would incur.
RETENTION AND AMENDMENT OF DATA
If the pre-notification contacts do not yield the expected results, the Authority may consider the pre-notification stage to be concluded.
Those amounts should be fixed so that market withdrawals do not become a permanent alternative solution for products compared to placing them on the market, and to ensure at the same time that market withdrawals remain an effective instrument for crisis management and crisis prevention.
Date when the surface was laid and contractor ;
An entity shall apply those amendments when it applies IFRS 10 and IFRS 12.
It was also established that Ma Gang proposed to compensate for the invoiced price of the product concerned by artificially undercutting the selling price of the product not covered by the anti-dumping measures.
Status agreement
District Starost Office in Opole
Artificial interior lighting
the quantity of emissions from installations covered by Directive 2003 / 87 / EC in 2005 , adjusted for the quantity of greenhouse gas emissions from installations that were included in or excluded from the emissions trading scheme during the period from 2008 to 2012 due to scope adjustments made by the Member States , as well as the quantity of greenhouse gas emissions from installations temporarily excluded in 2005 but not excluded in the years 2008 to 2012 from the emissions trading scheme ,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION
SAMPLING PERSONNEL
If more than one body segment is required for testing, both are struck on the same side.
Enabling effective response: Responding can take various forms, from identifying technical measures that may involve at least two entities jointly investigating the technical causes of the incident (e.g. malware analysis), or determining ways in which these organizations can assess whether they have been harmed (e.g. indicators of compromise), to operational decisions on the application of such technical measures and, at the political level, deciding on the activation of other instruments such as EU diplomatic actions in response to malicious cyber activities ("toolkit for digital diplomacy") or the EU operational protocol for countering hybrid threats, depending on the incident.
Relevant services exclude mining operations.
Furthermore, HSH Nordbank did not deny that the commission for the advance is also due for the period from the transfer of capital to the end of the month of its recognition as core capital by BAKred (from 1 January 1991 to 30 August 1991) at a rate of 0.3 % on the amount recorded in the balance sheet of DEM 1306.05 million.
Parts for household or laundry-type washing machines (including for those that both wash and dry)
However, the textile material and the elastic plastic material from which the article is made cannot support the weight of a body during running.
In order to determine the behaviour of the manikin and its displacements, all dynamic tests shall be registered under the following conditions:
For the first year of repayment, information shall be provided on each installment and intermediate totals in each column at the end of that first year.
Family medicine including pediatrics
Opinion 6 / 2007 / EC on data protection issues related to the Consumer Protection Cooperation System ( CPCS ) 01910 / 2007 / EN — WP 130 — adopted on 21 September 2007 , pp . 24 – 26 .
The estimated amount of possible future liability is set at the level of sales at reduced prices estimated on the basis of the complaint, i.e. 26-37 % ad valorem on the CIF import value of the product concerned.
In addition, it was established that, contrary to what France initially claimed, CMdR had completed all ongoing work before declaring bankruptcy, and the declaration of bankruptcy was primarily caused by a lack of orders (see: paragraph 44).
Gear information.
All insurance, employment or residence periods completed by such workers in different Member States are summed up for the purpose of calculating pensions and benefits due to old age, disability, and death, as well as for medical care for such workers and their family members;
Loss increase
The competent authorities shall conduct stress tests on supervised institutions as necessary, but at least once a year, in order to facilitate the review and supervisory assessment carried out in accordance with Article 97.
Maximum allowable standard deviation for class X ( 1 )
Agricultural cooperatives gather over 50,000 individual members (farmers), employ about 19,000 employees, and have an annual turnover of over NOK 58 billion (approximately EUR 6 billion).
Draft amendments shall be admissible only if they are presented in writing, bear the signatures of at least 37 Members or are tabled on behalf of a political group or committee, specify the budget headings to which they refer, and ensure the maintenance of a balance between revenue and expenditure.
In this case, the responsibilities and procedures leading to the definition of such maintenance activities shall be described.
Are the values of the Tolerable Hazard Rate (THR) for random failures being adhered to?
The format for the transmission of statistical data shall be adopted in accordance with the management procedure referred to in Article 10 (2).
Replies to the questionnaires were received from:
"Small mid-cap companies" means entities employing no more than 499 employees, not being SMEs;
Turbo-jets or dual-flow turbo engines of a dry thrust > 25 kN
Member States shall ensure that the national regulatory authorities referred to in the first paragraph have separate annual budgets.
AT, BE, BG, CY, CZ, DE, DK, EE, ES, EL, FI, FR, HR, HU, IE, IT, LU, MT, PL, PT, RO, SE, SI, SK, UK: without obligation.
CHAPTER 10 02 —
Relief from import duties is contingent upon the provision of a security to the competent authority of the Member State in the amount established for each eligible CN code listed in Annex II.
The Commission closes the proceedings initiated on 11 November 2003.
On 29 March 2005.
‘ maximum load profile ’ means the load profile with the greatest reference energy that a combination heater is able to provide while fulfilling the temperature and flow rate conditions of that load profile ;
In the laboratory, the tissue from the vial is fully homogenized using a stomacher, blender, or mortar and pestle with sterile sand, and then placed back in the original transport medium.
Due to the fact that production levels remained stable while there was a slight decline in production capacity, the level of capacity utilisation consequently increased slightly.
The objective of this Directive is to improve the safety of pedestrians and vehicles through measures ensuring passive safety.
Other goods n.e.c.
This system allows for a simple procedure while ensuring that costs remain low.
When exercising the powers provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2, the competent authority shall ensure that the members of its staff and, where relevant, any other experts participating in the activities in question are duly authorised.
If no, please note that according to point 72 of the Agricultural Guidelines, the maximum aid granted in the form of compensation may not exceed the amount mentioned above.
a description of the technical equipment and tools available to the economic operator for ensuring quality, as well as a description of the available research and study facilities.
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 2759 / 75 of 29 October 1975 on the common organisation of the market in pigmeat [ 1 ] , and in particular Articles 2 and 4 ( 6 ) thereof ,
In view of the absence of appropriate instruments of mutual assistance to fight against irregularities and in order to minimize the risk of possible abuses associated with the re-import or reintroduction into the Union of out-of-quota sugar and to prevent such abuses, certain close destinations should be excluded from the eligible destinations.
The active medical implant device category covers the radio part of active implantable medical devices that are intended to be totally or partially introduced, surgically or medically, into the human body or that of an animal, and where applicable their peripherals.
Product obtained during dehulling of sesame seeds.
Manufacture of made-up textile products, excluding clothing
18 Mehrshad Street , Sadaghat St. , Opposite of Mellat Park , Vali Asr Ave . , Tehran 1A001 , Iran .
Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2017/1456
Programme orientation
The average price of imports into the Union from the country concerned developed as follows :
Category 8A for underwater equipment .
duty free admission to the Community of waters classified under CN codes 2202 10 00 and ex 2202 90 10
the addition, removal or modification of conditions, specifications or restrictions associated with the presence of a substance on the Community list.
The AOC was also issued without prior check to see whether the carrier had the appropriate authorizations for ensuring continuing airworthiness and maintenance.
0.8 where the payment institution provides the payment service listed in point 7 of the Annex ;
Grounds for listing : ( a ) First Deputy, Council of Ministers of the Taliban regime, ( b ) Foreign Minister before Wakil Ahmad Mutawakil under the Taliban regime, ( c ) Governor of Kandahar under the Taliban regime.
The term of office of the President of the Tribunal ended on 19 December 2016.
Sodium semduramicin
The appropriate auction platform shall notify the Commission without delay of any necessary changes to the auction schedule.
The funds are allocated to cover personnel and administrative expenses of the Agency (titles 1 and 2) as well as its operational expenses (title 3).
The complainants further alleged that there is a risk of further damage increasing.
Content of the Annex to the Directive: Exemptions for certain quantities; special provisions; use of packaging; use of over-packaging; documentation; construction and testing of packaging; loading, unloading and handling; manning; equipment; operation; vehicles and documentation; construction and approval of vehicles.
Commission Decision 2005/64/EC of 26 January 2005 implementing Council Directive 92/65/EEC concerning import conditions for cats, dogs and ferrets for approved bodies, institutes or centres [9] specifies the model veterinary certificate for the purpose of importing these animals into the Union intended for bodies, institutes and centres approved in accordance with Directive 92/65/EEC and states that the import of these animals is permitted from territories or third countries listed in Section 2 of Part B or in Part C of Annex II to Regulation (EC) No 998/2003.
The original medium according to OECD Test Guideline ( TG ) 201, also in accordance with ISO 8692;
establishing a prohibition of fishing for cod in areas I and IIb by vessels flying the flag of Spain
where the input of a received settlement instruction into the securities settlement system has been delayed or amended, or where the settlement instruction itself has been amended outside the automated procedures;
epidemiology
The powers conferred on ESMA or any official of or other person authorised by ESMA by Articles 61 to 63 shall not be used to require the disclosure of information or documents which are subject to legal privilege in the context of communications between a lawyer and a client.
the shares have already been admitted to trading on a regulated market but were delisted from each of the regulated markets on which they were previously admitted.
United Kingdom’s benefit
Tracksuits, ski suits, swimwear and other knitted garments.
Everything that relates to people or groups of people.
Countries / States concerned ( a ) , code No of competent authorities where applicable ( b ) , specific points of exit or entry ( c )
telmisartan
Hospital Services
Generally, this raised doubts about the reliability of the documents presented.
In brackets the origin of the residue ( ma : maneb ; mz : mancozeb ; me : metiram ; pr : propineb ; t : thiram ; z : ziram ).
The ratio between the photometric value of the test point specified in paragraph 4.3.1.1 and the value of the point specified in paragraph 4.3.1.2 should be measured.
The Commission emphasizes that loyal cooperation required between various state institutions on matters related to the rule of law is extremely important in order to find a solution to the current situation.
An alternate who has been appointed rapporteur may participate in the meeting at the Plenary Session if the draft opinion or report he is responsible for is on the agenda, and he may also present this draft, even if the member whom he has been designated to replace is also present at the meeting.
Within six months of the entry into force of this Regulation, each Member State shall send the other Member States and the Commission the following information:
Article 5 ( 2 ) , first subparagraph , fourth indent
The Joint Undertaking shall not be responsible for any costs arising after the transfer of ownership of the petascale supercomputer.
Ammonia (or dust) samples are taken over at least six days spread throughout the year.
Operation procedure for analyzers and sampling system
The modernization/renewal process should take into account the need to maintain compatibility with the existing "Energy" subsystem and other subsystems.
For further details, see recitals 61 and 62 of the opening decision.
On 18 April 2016, the Commission published its report on the implementation of the strategy.
value of marketed production , with sub-totals for produce groups in the first , second , third , fourth and fifth years of transition period .
introduction of additional expenditure constraints on goods and services and reduction of subsidies for publicly owned enterprises;
provide evidence of admission to a secondary education institution;
Puma yagouaroundi ( I ) ( Only the populations of Central and North America ; all other populations are included in Annex B )
Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1299 / 2008 [ 2 ] fixes the guide prices for the 2009 fishing year for all the products concerned .
The transfer pricing report did not disclose or analyze the assumptions on which management's forecasts were based.
The quantity of the material.
Value of transferable overnight deposits [ 21 ]
Indicate the quantity of animal by-products / derived products (volume or mass) (4) (5):
The apparatus is equipped with a hexagonal-shaped probe of a maximum width of 12 millimetres ( and of 19 millimetres at the blade on top of the probe ) containing a viewing window and a light source, a sliding barrel calibrated in millimetres, and having an operating distance of between 3 and 45 millimetres.
amending for the forty-sixth time the Procedural and Substantive Rules in the Field of State Aid by introducing a new Chapter 26A : Multisectoral framework on regional aid for large investment projects
This set of usage conditions applies only to road tolling devices.
Characteristics of the monitor display
O-u recoveries before determined costs Year 2009
Woven hair fabrics, uncut
This best practice in environmental management is directly applicable to large tour operators.
Flooring for mosaics
Navigation , medium-term ahead
Butter:
Chairman
The specific cases set out below should be read in conjunction with the relevant sections of Chapter 4 and/or specifications referenced there.
Iran Air presented its corrective action plan which it developed on the basis of the observations resulting from the Union on-site assessment visit in May 2016.
Fourth, if the choice of the undertaking to which the execution of public service obligations is to be entrusted has not been made in the context of a public procurement procedure that allows for the selection of a candidate capable of providing these services at the lowest cost to the community, the level of necessary compensation should be established based on a cost analysis of what an average undertaking, properly managed and equipped with appropriate means of transport to meet the requirements imposed on public services, would incur in fulfilling such obligations, taking into account the associated revenues and a reasonable profit achieved in meeting those obligations.
In order to achieve uniform application of the restructuring or liquidation requirements in the Union and to ensure compliance with the precautionary principle, it is necessary to limit the freedom in developing such scenarios through well-defined criteria.
The reference and discount rates announced by the Commission are applied as a proxy for the market rate to calculate the aid element, in particular when aid is disbursed in several instalments, and to determine the aid element resulting from interest subsidy schemes [ 79 ].
‘Own-account transport operations’ means operations carried out for non-commercial and non-profit-making purposes by a natural or legal person, whereby:
Payment requests shall be submitted in such a way that they are received by the Member State within 45 days following the end of the restriction period.
The Commission shall organise an exchange of information between the Member States and the relevant sectors of industry on best available techniques, associated monitoring and developments in the field.
Disodium sulfate
In relation to the content of the right to access a lawyer in the Member State executing the order, the person subject to the order shall have the following rights in that Member State:
Issue
Burnt lime
This right should not affect the creditor's ability to submit a new application for a Preservation Order based on new facts or evidence.
Operator using TAIL NB: N916LX
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 544/2011 of 10 June 2011 implementing Regulation ( EC ) No 1107/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to data requirements for active substances.
Timor-Leste
ZDF bouquet
Imports from all other countries are made at prices very close to those of the Community industry.
An operator wishing to conduct operations according to subparagraph ( i ) must have prior approval of the Authority issuing the AOC.
The servicing equipment is designed for installation without further substantial support by the supplier; and
( 2S , 3S ) -2,3-bis ( benzoyloxymethyl ) cyclobutanol
None of these importers, however, responded to the questions in the questionnaire, as described below in recitals 19.
Having regard to Council Decision 2006 / 106 / EC of 30 January 2006 on the conclusion of an Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Community and Australia pursuant to Article XXIV : 6 and Article XXVIII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) 1994 relating to the modification of concessions in the schedules of the Czech Republic , the Republic of Estonia , the Republic of Cyprus , the Republic of Latvia , the Republic of Lithuania , the Republic of Hungary , the Republic of Malta , the Republic of Poland , the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic in the course of their accession to the European Union [ 1 ] , and in particular Article 2 thereof ,
The institution assesses whether a given transaction constitutes additional exposure in accordance with Article 7.
Wire of copper-nickel base alloys (cupro-nickel) or of copper-nickel-zinc base alloys (nickel silver)
Environmental awareness can be achieved through training or other actions, such as communication campaigns, research, etc.
Common Position 2006 / 795 / CFSP shall be amended as follows :
Samples exceeding that level were most commonly taken from fishery products.
The report contains recommendations for the Member States and is submitted to the forum.
( Reference : Article 27 ( 1 ) and point ( a ) of the first subparagraph of Article 96 ( 2 ) of Regulation ( EU ) No 1303 / 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council ) [ 2 ] 1.1 .
Source : Company’s annual accounts .
The claim that the Commission did not meet the required standards regarding specificity has therefore been rejected.
However, for the remaining 75% of the market share, including certain products intended for human consumption, both natural and synthetic KW can be used, and therefore they are competitive with each other.
Therefore, Germany undertakes to clarify to each user that the use of the center's services may contain elements of aid assessed as de minimis aid subject to Regulation ( EC ) No 69 / 2001.
Elder flowers
The Commission rejected this statement.
Liling Minghui Ceramic Factory
Taking into account the expected changes mentioned above, and considering that other major steel producing countries have implemented similar monitoring systems or extended their operation until 2009, it is appropriate for the aforementioned system to continue to operate as an exception until 31 December 2009.
Where Member States attribute the same importance to all criteria selected at national level, a value of one (1) shall be associated to each of them.
Employment in relation to the product concerned fell by 6 % from 1269 in 2000 to 1193 in 2003. In 2001, there was a reduction in employment, which partially returned to its previous level in 2002 and remained stable in 2003.
After the new share issuance, the capital increased by EUR 340 million, reaching EUR 783.8 million. The price per share was EUR 2500 in relation to the existing core capital, while the new shares were issued at a price of EUR 1464 per share.
In paragraph 2, the first sentence is replaced by the following :
International debt securities issued in global bearer form on or after 1 January 2007 through the ICSDs Euroclear Bank (Belgium) and Clearstream Banking Luxembourg must, in order to be eligible, be issued in the form of new global notes and must be deposited with a common safekeeper which is an ICSD or, where applicable, a CSD that meets the minimum standards established by the ECB.
is the actual cycle work on the warm start test , kWh
After receiving information on the findings, the Hellenic Register of Shipping implemented a corrective action plan.
Both companies claimed that their production facilities in Indonesia and their relevant related trading companies in Singapore constitute a single economic entity and that the trading companies in the third country operate as the export department of the related companies in Indonesia.
Freshwater fishery products
IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements
Solid rocket propulsion systems having any of the following :
Similarly, SIDE in its opinion of 6 January 1997 emphasized that "even assuming that the concept of small orders has economic significance, it soon became clear that the CELF cooperative did not limit its activities solely to this allegedly unprofitable area."
It is desirable for the Agency to assist the Commission and the Member States in the field of international relations, including the harmonisation of regulations, the official recognition of approvals, and technical cooperation, and to be empowered to engage in necessary contacts with the aviation authorities of third countries and international organisations competent in matters covered by this Regulation.
Charging station 7
Those draft regulatory technical standards shall specify the methods, means and details regarding the cooperation in the notification of payment institutions operating on a cross-border basis and, in particular, the scope and treatment of the submitted information, including common terminology and standard notification templates, to ensure a consistent and effective notification procedure.
Member States and Europol shall provide the Management Authority and the Commission with the information necessary to draft the reports referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4.
Multi-layer onion
In Annex II A, B and C, fourteenth indent, ‘in Polish:’
Germany provided the relevant explanations from Deutsche Post on 26 March 2009, 7 May 2009 and 22 June 2009.
Ministry of Regional Development and EU Funds
Comments on the reliability of the settlements
Utilization of adhesion
On 10 November 2008.
Dimethyl phosphate (dimethyl phosphonate)
Moulded trays and boxes for packing eggs
the operational risk measurement system is regularly updated and developed as new experiences are gained and more advanced methods of managing and quantifying operational risk are established ;
the Isofix or i-Size position concerned has the same structural characteristics as the Isofix or i-Size position of other seats or group of seats ; and
AMENDMENTS TO DIRECTIVE 2002/87/EC
Croatian.
The Commission shall specify, by means of implementing acts, the technical specifications of the ETIAS warning list and the evaluation tools.
The provisions amending Annex IV to incorporate the UNECE regulations shall become applicable in accordance with Article 4 ( 4 ) of Decision 97 / 836 / EC.
the level of detail and complexity, as appropriate, of the monitoring plan approved by the competent authority or monitoring methodology plan;
In addition to international conventions and treaties, some Member States have concluded bilateral agreements concerning the provision of technical assistance.
Therefore, these three applications were dismissed.
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 920 / 2009
Areas at risk (e.g. wetland areas, particularly in connection with high-density poultry populations), previous positive results.
The fishing quota allocated to the Member State referred to in the Annex to this Regulation for the stock referred to therein for 2009 shall be deemed to be exhausted from the date set out in that Annex.
Importers shall indicate on the pyrotechnic article their name, registered trade name or registered trade mark and the postal address at which they can be contacted or, where that is not possible, on its packaging or in a document accompanying the pyrotechnic article.
Total own funds — transitional definition
Sewing thread of man-made staple fibres, p.r.s.
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and in particular Article 240 (2) thereof,
identification of serious accident hazards ,
Annex I to this Regulation provides for 29244 tonnes of common wheat held by the Hungarian intervention agency.
Monreales and satsumas
‘ ATM cash transaction ’
the force of the front brakes must be limited to prevent loss of control over the bicycle due to locking wheels.
The Commission and the Member States shall take actions to ensure the effectiveness of the Fund and shall carry out their respective roles in relation to the Fund in order to reduce the administrative burden on beneficiaries.
Supporting sustainable resource use
He / she shall exercise due diligence to ensure the collection of the Union's revenue and the protection of its rights.
The distribution of rearing systems in the barn/pasture and the rearing period in the barn/pasture.
For fishing vessels flying their flag, Member States shall ensure that, when the satellite positioning device's antenna is mounted separately from the physical enclosure, a single common antenna is used for both the decoder and the satellite navigation transmitter, and that the physical enclosure is connected to the antenna using a single continuous cable.
amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1222 / 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council regarding the classification of tires in terms of wet grip, rolling resistance measurements and verification procedure
Scientific Opinion on application EFSA-GMO-NL-2014-110 for the placing on the market of genetically modified cotton GHB614 for food and feed uses, import and processing under Regulation ( EC ) No 1829/2003 from Bayer.
Inland ECDIS technical specifications
Mixture of isomers of nonafluorobutyl methyl ether or nonafluorobutyl ethyl ether, of a purity by weight of 99% or more
Physical environment
Domestic sales of a particular type of SWR were considered sufficiently representative when the total domestic sales volume of that type during the IP represented 5 % or more of the total sales volume of the comparable type of SWR exported to the Community.
if, on the contrary, the aforementioned profit reaches a very high level, with an IRR exceeding 25%, this is still a better situation than the target set by Fintecna as the investor, and a partial redistribution will not cause a reduction of the company's profit below the assumed amount.
Significantly, six Thai firms, two Indonesian firms, and one Indian firm reported a total sales volume (domestic and export) below 8 million pairs (i.e., less than 5% of the exports concerned), while eight Brazilian cooperating firms reported a total sales volume of over 40 million pairs, of which more than 18 million pairs were accounted for solely by three firms whose data were used.
Article 35 ( 6 ) , second subparagraph , point ( b ) , third indent
Torben MELCHIOR
there is other evidence of chronic toxicity identified in the classification: STOT RE 1 or STOT RE 2 according to the provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 1272 / 2008.
This procedure should be overseen by Eurostat, and its scope should be limited to subjects upon which there is mutual agreement between the relevant Commission services and Eurostat.
At the appropriate time, discrepancies between estimated costs and collected resources should be communicated.
Where the measure was granted without notification, the mere delay by the Commission in ordering the recovery of that aid shall not in itself be sufficient to render the recovery decision unlawful in light of the principle of legal certainty.
FIDUCIA information management
Thirdly, the request for reimbursement would be contrary to the principle of proportionality.
A dependant is deemed to be disabled if it is established by medical evidence that he is suffering from a serious and permanent disability necessitating either special care or supervision or special education or training.
are only moved from the holding under official supervision and for the purpose of destruction;
The minutes of the findings should also include an express authorisation for the Commission or its representatives to carry out on-the-spot checks and inspections.
As stated in the decision to initiate proceedings, aid measures that are not applicable after accession cannot be examined by the Commission under the procedures laid down in Article 88 of the EC Treaty.
The costs of unloading shall be borne by the economic operator.
Thirdly, institutions shall allocate the items resulting from the expansion of the regulatory scope balance sheet referred to in point 4 to the elements included in the transitional disclosure template or the own funds disclosure template.
MacGregor Duncan
Identifier of a larger work data set.
Moreover, this statement was incorrect, as the investigation revealed that nearly all injury indicators showed negative trends during the period considered.
The first and third quartiles are calculated by first weighting the values of contracts in this category by the institutions in the layer.
In accordance with Article 24 of Regulation ( EC ) No 715 / 2009, national regulatory authorities ensure compliance with these guidelines.
Technical assistance includes, in particular, training of scientific, legal and technical staff, as well as the acquisition, use, and production of the appropriate equipment by these countries on favorable terms agreed upon between the parties concerned.
Annex V to Regulation ( EC ) No 1898 / 2006 is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation .
The measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Standing Committee on Plants, Animals, Food and Feed.
Initial amount of the guarantee reduced by cancellations but not by utilization.
The Commission also notes that the statistical data were established with respect to 2003 and have been updated annually according to an index in accordance with Annex 9 to the Financing Directive, as well as in accordance with volume increases/decreases and structural changes.
Adjustment of the Annexes and recommendations regarding provisional certificates
Given the price decreases in 2015 and 2016, this can be explained as follows: if a producer or trading company anticipates price increases, they usually quickly accumulate stocks, expecting to achieve proportionally higher profits when prices rise.
Vehicles used for the transportation of processed animal proteins and feedingstuffs
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 547/2012 of 25 June 2012 implementing Directive 2009/125/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to ecodesign requirements for water pumps [ 1 ] is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement .
APPENDIX 3
Geographical and timing constraints :
Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2015/1537
the contractors submit their tenders in writing within the time limit set by the ECB, after which
The ECB is convinced that the Commission's interpretation regarding the possibility of benefiting from the guarantee after accession, as stated in the decision initiating the procedure, is overly restrictive.
Therefore, this Regulation should not apply to the trade in traditional self-defense equipment, such as shields.
Ambitious implementation by Member States of structural reforms concerning product markets, labor markets, social protection systems, and pension systems is crucial for strengthening and sustaining the economic recovery, ensuring the stability of public finances, improving competitiveness, preventing and correcting harmful macroeconomic imbalances, and unlocking the potential of the economies of the Union.
Secondly, funding was necessary from the authorities to ensure that public interest.
This Decision shall enter into force on 27 March 2017 .
Annex II is amended in accordance with the Annex to this Regulation.
In order to ensure a smooth transition from the system of national authorizations to the list of control bodies and control authorities competent to carry out controls and issue certificates in third countries for the purpose of equivalence, this Regulation should apply from 1 July 2012.
It is part of the safety certification process and ongoing oversight conducted by the national security authority.
Korean company Korea National Insurance Corporation (KNIC) and its branches (also known as Korea Foreign Insurance Company)
Carry out a pressure test to check the tightness of the system.
This commitment also contributes to ensuring that the medium-term profitability of PBB is self-sustaining and no longer relies on income from fees associated with transferring impaired assets.
Institutions may calculate the own funds requirements for position risk, comprising specific and general risk, for positions in CIUs in relation to positions that replicate the structure and results of an externally generated index or a predetermined basket of equities or debt securities referred to in point (a), provided that the following conditions are met:
In this context, it was concluded that given the negligible incidence of the cost of SWR on the user industry and the existence of other available sources of supply, the measures in force do not have a significant impact on this industry.
In Annex T, point T.1.1 'Introduction', the first paragraph is replaced by the following:
In order to assess the significance of calculating the statistical value, Member States shall report :
Currently, these restrictions apply only to services within the EEA.
The provision of the UOIG was entrusted to companies selected through an open, non-discriminatory and competitive tender for the conclusion of the PPAs.
provision of operating assets and investments;
Cooperation in the field of competition policy
In cases where a direct exemption applies in the Member State where the supply of goods or the provision of services takes place, the supplier of goods or the service provider is required to obtain from the purchaser of goods or the recipient of services the certificate referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article, retaining it as documentation for accounting purposes.
is not in any of the situations of exclusion listed in Articles 93 and 94 of the Financial Regulation .
Foodtainer
Examples of these vehicles include mobile libraries, mobile churches, and mobile hospitals.
Unwrought unalloyed refined copper ( excluding rolled, extruded or forged sintered products )
Exclusive licenses between non-competitors - to the extent covered by Article 53 (1) [65] - are likely to fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 53 (3).
authorisations for plant protection products containing trifluralin are withdrawn by 20 March 2008;
The characteristic taste of ‘ Amarene Brusche di Modena jam ’ PGI is marked by a proper balance between sweetness and tartness with a hint of acidity.
The completion of the additional training shall be entered in the logbook and signed by the instructor.
Professional football clubs conduct business activities in several markets, aside from participating in football competitions and with an international dimension, such as the market for professional player transfers, advertising, sponsorship, merchandising, or media relations.
UNSCR 2339 (2017) provides for certain changes regarding exemptions from the arms embargo and the criteria for listing individuals and entities subject to sanctions.
Operating surplus / mixed income
The investment fund operating as a collective investment undertaking in transferable securities
In a specific context of intellectual property rights, an additional factor in assessing whether the parties are potential competitors in a given market is the possibility that their intellectual property rights are blocking, meaning that the licensee cannot enter the market without infringing on the intellectual property rights of another party.
Pesticide residues [ 2 ] [ 12 ]
‘ Range of control ’ refers to an output variable and defines the range above which the system is likely to take control.
Unknown ( latest known flags : Togo , Ghana )
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 2368 / 2002 of 20 December 2002 implementing the Kimberley Process certification scheme for the international trade in rough diamonds [ 1 ] , as last amended by Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1038 / 2007 [ 2 ] , and in particular Article 19 thereof ,
DEFINING THE GOALS OF THE ORGANISATION ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT STUDY
See: Joined Cases C-395/96 P and C-396/96 P, Compagnie Maritime Belge, [2000] Rec. I-1365, para 130, and para 106 of the unpublished EFTA Surveillance Authority Guidelines on the application of Article 53 (3) of the EEA Agreement.
Sodium carboxymethyl cellulose , enzymatically hydrolysed
Where reference is made to this paragraph, Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999 / 468 / EC shall apply, having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.
They do not affect the strategic criteria for sampling as established by Commission Decision 98 / 179 / EC of 23 February 1998 laying down detailed rules on official sampling for the monitoring of certain substances and residues thereof in live animals and animal products [ 5 ].
Annex 3C – Attestation with regard to the provision set out in paragraph 3.2.9
Benefits
To avoid sudden increases in acrylamide levels, food business operators monitor the temperature and time of thermal processing as well as the feed rate of the raw material.
Stresses that in the internal organization of the Commission, chaired by Jean-Claude Juncker, it should be taken into account that the Union's strategy for growth and jobs is not based on the activities of individual DGs, but encompasses seven cross-cutting flagship initiatives, which are implemented every time by several Directorates-General; insists that the related need for coordination and cooperation within the Commission should not lead to the creation of new forms of bureaucracy and administrative burdens;
Laiwu Taihe was informed of the Commission's conclusions and given the opportunity to comment.
stably functioning equipment and competent staff, achieved through prior support for establishing local capabilities to provide equipment, repair malfunctioning equipment, or replace damaged components,
EUTM Mali should have a project cell that will manage projects supporting the mission's objectives.
Indicates the limit of analyticity.
Export authorisation was granted only to five companies, namely China National Coal Group Corporation, China Minmetals Corporation, Shanxi Coal Import and Export Group Co.
(CZ) the Czech Republic
In the directions for use of the additive and premixture, indicate the storage temperature, storage life, and stability to pelleting.
This will result in the creation of indirectly 9,870 jobs.
Buildings and related expenditure of the Foreign Policy Instruments policy area ‘ ’ in Union delegations
Windshields made of laminated safety glass
Environmental training services
Dissolve the powder by shaking for five minutes or for thirty minutes in the case of acid buttermilk, using a mechanical shaker ( 6.3 ).
It can therefore be concluded that the circumstances under which the dumping margin was calculated in this investigation are of a lasting nature.
Mattresses, excluding mattress supports
Device submitted for approval on …
